Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: I goes to the store everyday. Correct: I go to the store everyday..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: They was playing soccer last night. Correct: They were playing soccer last night..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: She have completed her homework. Correct: She has completed her homework..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: He don't know the answer. Correct: He doesn't know the answer..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The sun rise in the east. Correct: The sun rises in the east..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: I am eat pizza for lunch. Correct: I am eating pizza for lunch..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The students studies for the exam. Correct: The students study for the exam..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The car need to be repaired. Correct: The car needs to be repaired..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: She will goes to the party tonight. Correct: She will go to the party tonight..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: They watches the movie together. Correct: They watch the movie together..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The flowers is blooming in spring. Correct: The flowers bloom in spring..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: She think she can finish the project. Correct: She thinks she can finish the project..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The dogs barks at the mail carrier. Correct: The dogs bark at the mail carrier..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The kids plays video games after school. Correct: The kids play video games after school..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The computer not working properly. Correct: The computer is not working properly..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: He had sleep for ten hours. Correct: He had slept for ten hours..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: I walk to work every day last month. Correct: I walked to work every day last month..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: She will be write a book next year. Correct: She will be writing a book next year..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The chef cook dinner for the guests. Correct: The chef cooks dinner for the guests..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: They plants a tree in the garden. Correct: They plant a tree in the garden..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: I has been to Paris three times. Correct: I have been to Paris three times..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The cat catch the mouse yesterday. Correct: The cat caught the mouse yesterday..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The airplane fly over the city. Correct: The airplane flies over the city..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: He do his homework every evening. Correct: He does his homework every evening..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: They was at the concert last night. Correct: They were at the concert last night..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The computer running slow today. Correct: The computer is running slow today..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: She buy a new dress for the party. Correct: She buys a new dress for the party..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The birds sings in the morning. Correct: The birds sing in the morning..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: He will finish the race in an hour. Correct: He will finish the race in an hour..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: She make a cake for her friend's birthday. Correct: She makes a cake for her friend's birthday..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The train leave at 6 PM. Correct: The train leaves at 6 PM..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: They was listening to music. Correct: They were listening to music..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The scientist perform experiments in the lab. Correct: The scientist performs experiments in the lab..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The baby cry when it's hungry. Correct: The baby cries when it's hungry..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The teacher teach the students in the classroom. Correct: The teacher teaches the students in the classroom..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: I was work on the project all day. Correct: I was working on the project all day..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: She has paint her room last week. Correct: She painted her room last week..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The dog was chase the squirrel. Correct: The dog was chasing the squirrel..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The flowers was watered by the gardener. Correct: The flowers were watered by the gardener..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The car has been wash this morning. Correct: The car has been washed this morning..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The manager gives a speech at the meeting. Correct: The manager gave a speech at the meeting..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: They takes a vacation every summer. Correct: They take a vacation every summer..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: He swims in the pool every day last summer. Correct: He swam in the pool every day last summer..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The athlete wins the gold medal in the race. Correct: The athlete won the gold medal in the race..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: She is dance at the party last night. Correct: She was dancing at the party last night..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The teacher was grading the papers all night. Correct: The teacher graded the papers all night..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The children build a sandcastle on the beach. Correct: The children built a sandcastle on the beach..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The company launch a new product next month. Correct: The company will launch a new product next month..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: I have been study for the test for two weeks. Correct: I have been studying for the test for two weeks..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The photographer take a picture of the sunset. Correct: The photographer took a picture of the sunset..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The artist was draw a portrait of the model. Correct: The artist was drawing a portrait of the model..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: He is read a book before going to bed. Correct: He reads a book before going to bed..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The player scores a goal during the match. Correct: The player scored a goal during the match..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The tourists visit the museum yesterday. Correct: The tourists visited the museum yesterday..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The weather forecast say it will rain tomorrow. Correct: The weather forecast says it will rain tomorrow..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The farmer has plant the seeds in the field. Correct: The farmer has planted the seeds in the field..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: She has been make dinner for the family. Correct: She has been making dinner for the family..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The students were study for their exams. Correct: The students were studying for their exams..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The concert begins in an hour. Correct: The concert will begin in an hour..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The neighbors was moving out yesterday. Correct: The neighbors were moving out yesterday..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The children has fun at the amusement park. Correct: The children had fun at the amusement park..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The pilot was fly the plane during the storm. Correct: The pilot was flying the plane during the storm..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: She has bake cookies for the bake sale. Correct: She has baked cookies for the bake sale..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The waiter serve the food to the customers. Correct: The waiter served the food to the customers..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The author has been write a new book. Correct: The author has been writing a new book..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The delivery driver brings the package yesterday. Correct: The delivery driver brought the package yesterday..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The students was taking a test in the classroom. Correct: The students were taking a test in the classroom..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: He is take a break from work. Correct: He is taking a break from work..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The party was organize by the event planner. Correct: The party was organized by the event planner..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The mechanic was fixing the car. Correct: The mechanic fixed the car..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The movie start at 8 PM. Correct: The movie starts at 8 PM..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The gardener is plant flowers in the garden. Correct: The gardener is planting flowers in the garden..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The team were working on the project. Correct: The team was working on the project..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The musician perform at the concert. Correct: The musician performed at the concert..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: She is going to shopping after work. Correct: She is going shopping after work..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The store close at 9 PM tonight. Correct: The store closes at 9 PM tonight..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The cat was lay on the sofa. Correct: The cat was lying on the sofa..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The engine is make a strange noise. Correct: The engine is making a strange noise..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The students are prepare for their presentations. Correct: The students are preparing for their presentations..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The volunteers was helping at the event. Correct: The volunteers were helping at the event..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The birds was flying south for the winter. Correct: The birds were flying south for the winter..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The cake was bake in the oven. Correct: The cake was baked in the oven..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The package is deliver yesterday. Correct: The package was delivered yesterday..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The athlete is train for the competition. Correct: The athlete is training for the competition..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The car was wash by the teenager. Correct: The car was washed by the teenager..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: She is speak at the conference tomorrow. Correct: She is speaking at the conference tomorrow..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The doctor was examine the patient. Correct: The doctor examined the patient..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The store is open late on Fridays. Correct: The store opens late on Fridays..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The tree was falling during the storm. Correct: The tree fell during the storm..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The children was playing in the park. Correct: The children were playing in the park..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The cake is frost with chocolate icing. Correct: The cake is frosted with chocolate icing..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The employee is work late tonight. Correct: The employee is working late tonight..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The train was delay due to bad weather. Correct: The train was delayed due to bad weather..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The phone is charge on the table. Correct: The phone is charging on the table..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The dog was dig a hole in the yard. Correct: The dog was digging a hole in the yard..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The students is studying in the library. Correct: The students are studying in the library..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The pizza is deliver to the wrong address. Correct: The pizza was delivered to the wrong address..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The project is complete by the deadline. Correct: The project was completed by the deadline..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The concert was cancel due to rain. Correct: The concert was canceled due to rain..
Error Type: Verb Tense Errors. Incorrect: The waitress is take our order. Correct: The waitress is taking our order..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The dogs runs quickly to the park. Correct: The dogs run quickly to the park..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: She go to the library every Tuesday. Correct: She goes to the library every Tuesday..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The results of the experiments was inconclusive. Correct: The results of the experiments were inconclusive..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The team of researchers are committed to finding a solution. Correct: The team of researchers is committed to finding a solution..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The pile of clothes need to be washed. Correct: The pile of clothes needs to be washed..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The collection of stamps have been growing steadily. Correct: The collection of stamps has been growing steadily..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of students works on the project together. Correct: The group of students work on the project together..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The computers in the lab was updated last week. Correct: The computers in the lab were updated last week..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The list of ingredients in the recipe need revision. Correct: The list of ingredients in the recipe needs revision..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: My family enjoys going on vacation together. Correct: My family enjoy going on vacation together..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The audience was clapping their hands enthusiastically. Correct: The audience were clapping their hands enthusiastically..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The company's policies is constantly evolving. Correct: The company's policies are constantly evolving..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The employees at the store works diligently. Correct: The employees at the store work diligently..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The children plays in the park every afternoon. Correct: The children play in the park every afternoon..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The bakeries in this area makes delicious pastries. Correct: The bakeries in this area make delicious pastries..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The book that I borrowed from the library were very interesting. Correct: The book that I borrowed from the library was very interesting..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The collection of coins are displayed in the museum. Correct: The collection of coins is displayed in the museum..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The committee have decided on a course of action. Correct: The committee has decided on a course of action..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The musicians practices together every Saturday. Correct: The musicians practice together every Saturday..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The dishes in the sink needs to be cleaned. Correct: The dishes in the sink need to be cleaned..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The flights to New York was cancelled due to bad weather. Correct: The flights to New York were cancelled due to bad weather..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The film festival have a great lineup this year. Correct: The film festival has a great lineup this year..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The students in the class was excited about the field trip. Correct: The students in the class were excited about the field trip..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The package of documents need to be delivered by tomorrow. Correct: The package of documents needs to be delivered by tomorrow..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The plants in the garden has grown significantly. Correct: The plants in the garden have grown significantly..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The shelves was filled with books. Correct: The shelves were filled with books..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The faculty in the department is diverse and experienced. Correct: The faculty in the department are diverse and experienced..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The orchestra perform at the concert hall every month. Correct: The orchestra performs at the concert hall every month..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The series of events leading up to the incident was complicated. Correct: The series of events leading up to the incident were complicated..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The couple takes a walk in the park every evening. Correct: The couple take a walk in the park every evening..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The laws of physics governs the universe. Correct: The laws of physics govern the universe..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of protestors was chanting loudly. Correct: The group of protestors were chanting loudly..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The pair of shoes I bought yesterday was too tight. Correct: The pair of shoes I bought yesterday were too tight..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The flock of birds fly south for the winter. Correct: The flock of birds flies south for the winter..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The set of keys are on the kitchen counter. Correct: The set of keys is on the kitchen counter..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The team of engineers designs the new product. Correct: The team of engineers design the new product..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The list of tasks to complete was overwhelming. Correct: The list of tasks to complete were overwhelming..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of tourists takes pictures of the monument. Correct: The group of tourists take pictures of the monument..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The stack of papers on the desk need to be sorted. Correct: The stack of papers on the desk needs to be sorted..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The number of people in the room was growing. Correct: The number of people in the room were growing..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The families in the neighborhood brings food to the potluck. Correct: The families in the neighborhood bring food to the potluck..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The collection of short stories have a common theme. Correct: The collection of short stories has a common theme..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The staff at the hotel makes sure the guests are comfortable. Correct: The staff at the hotel make sure the guests are comfortable..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The bundle of letters was tied with a ribbon. Correct: The bundle of letters were tied with a ribbon..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The pair of jeans fit me perfectly. Correct: The pair of jeans fits me perfectly..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The variety of plants in the greenhouse needs special care. Correct: The variety of plants in the greenhouse need special care..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The audience enjoys the show immensely. Correct: The audience enjoy the show immensely..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of instruments in the orchestra creates a unique sound. Correct: The group of instruments in the orchestra create a unique sound..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The herd of cows graze in the field. Correct: The herd of cows grazes in the field..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The set of tools are in the garage. Correct: The set of tools is in the garage..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The series of lectures on history was very informative. Correct: The series of lectures on history were very informative..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The team of doctors have developed a new treatment. Correct: The team of doctors has developed a new treatment..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The crowd of people was waiting for the parade to start. Correct: The crowd of people were waiting for the parade to start..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of volunteers work tirelessly to help the community. Correct: The group of volunteers works tirelessly to help the community..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The couple plans their wedding together. Correct: The couple plan their wedding together..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The assortment of candies in the store looks delicious. Correct: The assortment of candies in the store look delicious..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The range of mountains stretches across the horizon. Correct: The range of mountains stretch across the horizon..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The series of tests was challenging for the students. Correct: The series of tests were challenging for the students..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The set of rules governs how the game is played. Correct: The set of rules govern how the game is played..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The number of tasks to complete have increased. Correct: The number of tasks to complete has increased..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of fish swim together in the tank. Correct: The group of fish swims together in the tank..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The variety of birds in the aviary is amazing. Correct: The variety of birds in the aviary are amazing..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The class of students have different learning styles. Correct: The class of students has different learning styles..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of friends meets every week for dinner. Correct: The group of friends meet every week for dinner..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The bunch of grapes has started to rot. Correct: The bunch of grapes have started to rot..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The pair of socks has holes in them. Correct: The pair of socks have holes in them..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The range of products offered by the company are vast. Correct: The range of products offered by the company is vast..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The cluster of stars form a constellation. Correct: The cluster of stars forms a constellation..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of hikers takes a break by the waterfall. Correct: The group of hikers take a break by the waterfall..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The class of students was eager to learn. Correct: The class of students were eager to learn..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The selection of movies at the theater is impressive. Correct: The selection of movies at the theater are impressive..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The government's policies has a significant impact on the economy. Correct: The government's policies have a significant impact on the economy..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The series of paintings in the gallery tell a story. Correct: The series of paintings in the gallery tells a story..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The cast of the play have been rehearsing for months. Correct: The cast of the play has been rehearsing for months..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of scientists study the effects of climate change. Correct: The group of scientists studies the effects of climate change..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The family of deer grazes in the meadow. Correct: The family of deer graze in the meadow..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The pair of earrings has been misplaced. Correct: The pair of earrings have been misplaced..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of musicians have a unique sound. Correct: The group of musicians has a unique sound..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The set of dishes in the cupboard is antique. Correct: The set of dishes in the cupboard are antique..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The number of books in the library continues to grow. Correct: The number of books in the library continue to grow..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of dancers perform in perfect unison. Correct: The group of dancers performs in perfect unison..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The variety of food at the buffet has something for everyone. Correct: The variety of food at the buffet have something for everyone..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The crowd of spectators cheers for their favorite team. Correct: The crowd of spectators cheer for their favorite team..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The team of writers collaborate on the script. Correct: The team of writers collaborates on the script..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The set of instructions was difficult to follow. Correct: The set of instructions were difficult to follow..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of birds nests in the trees. Correct: The group of birds nest in the trees..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The assortment of toys in the store is impressive. Correct: The assortment of toys in the store are impressive..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The choir of singers sings beautifully. Correct: The choir of singers sing beautifully..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The series of articles on the topic was enlightening. Correct: The series of articles on the topic were enlightening..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The pair of gloves keeps my hands warm. Correct: The pair of gloves keep my hands warm..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of flowers in the vase is wilting. Correct: The group of flowers in the vase are wilting..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The set of questions in the exam was challenging. Correct: The set of questions in the exam were challenging..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The number of people attending the event has increased. Correct: The number of people attending the event have increased..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of animals in the zoo attracts a lot of visitors. Correct: The group of animals in the zoo attract a lot of visitors..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The variety of courses offered by the university is diverse. Correct: The variety of courses offered by the university are diverse..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The cast of characters in the novel was memorable. Correct: The cast of characters in the novel were memorable..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The team of athletes train together every day. Correct: The team of athletes trains together every day..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The group of students in the club organizes events. Correct: The group of students in the club organize events..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The family of languages share common features. Correct: The family of languages shares common features..
Error Type: Subject-Verb Agreement. Incorrect: The collection of essays was edited by the professor. Correct: The collection of essays were edited by the professor..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: I went to a school yesterday. Correct: I went to school yesterday..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: She bought the ice cream for her daughter. Correct: She bought ice cream for her daughter..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: He has a unique collection of a coins. Correct: He has a unique collection of coins..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: An apple a day keeps doctor away. Correct: An apple a day keeps the doctor away..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: Please pass me an salt shaker. Correct: Please pass me the salt shaker..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: I am looking forward to an vacation. Correct: I am looking forward to a vacation..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: They are attending a wedding of an friend. Correct: They are attending a wedding of a friend..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The Earth revolves around a Sun. Correct: The Earth revolves around the Sun..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: She works in a finance industry. Correct: She works in the finance industry..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: Did you finish an work you had to do? Correct: Did you finish the work you had to do?.
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: He was late because of an heavy traffic. Correct: He was late because of heavy traffic..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: She is an expert on a human behavior. Correct: She is an expert on human behavior..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: We went to a beach to enjoy a sunshine. Correct: We went to the beach to enjoy the sunshine..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: Can you turn off a television, please? Correct: Can you turn off the television, please?.
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The artist used a watercolor to paint a picture. Correct: The artist used watercolor to paint the picture..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: I need to buy a new pair of a shoes. Correct: I need to buy a new pair of shoes..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: She is studying a history of art. Correct: She is studying the history of art..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: They are going to a museum of modern art. Correct: They are going to the museum of modern art..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: He is a fan of a basketball. Correct: He is a fan of basketball..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The cat is hiding under a table. Correct: The cat is hiding under the table..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: She is waiting for a bus at a bus stop. Correct: She is waiting for the bus at the bus stop..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: He is a member of a chess club. Correct: He is a member of the chess club..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The students are learning a chemistry in class. Correct: The students are learning chemistry in class..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: Can you hand me a book about a science fiction? Correct: Can you hand me a book about science fiction?.
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: She is reading a newspaper while drinking a tea. Correct: She is reading the newspaper while drinking tea..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The movie is based on a true story. Correct: The movie is based on a true story..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: He is attending a conference on a technology. Correct: He is attending a conference on technology..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: She is an expert in a field of psychology. Correct: She is an expert in the field of psychology..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The dog is chasing a ball in a park. Correct: The dog is chasing a ball in the park..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The flowers are blooming in a springtime. Correct: The flowers are blooming in the springtime..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The waiter brought a menu to a table. Correct: The waiter brought the menu to the table..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: They are planning a trip to a Europe. Correct: They are planning a trip to Europe..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The car is parked in a garage. Correct: The car is parked in the garage..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The boy is playing with a toy car. Correct: The boy is playing with a toy car..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: She is learning a new language at a school. Correct: She is learning a new language at the school..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The cake is decorated with a flowers. Correct: The cake is decorated with flowers..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: He is listening to a music on a radio. Correct: He is listening to music on the radio..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: She went to a store to buy a groceries. Correct: She went to the store to buy groceries..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The package was delivered by a mail carrier. Correct: The package was delivered by the mail carrier..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The bird is sitting on a branch of a tree. Correct: The bird is sitting on a branch of the tree..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: I have a meeting with a principal of a school. Correct: I have a meeting with the principal of the school..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The athlete is training for a marathon race. Correct: The athlete is training for a marathon race..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: He bought a ticket for a concert of his favorite band. Correct: He bought a ticket for the concert of his favorite band..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The doctor is giving advice on a healthy lifestyle. Correct: The doctor is giving advice on healthy lifestyle..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The chef is preparing a delicious meal in a kitchen. Correct: The chef is preparing a delicious meal in the kitchen..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The students are working on a project in a library. Correct: The students are working on a project in the library..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: She is reading a book about a personal development. Correct: She is reading a book about personal development..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The company is investing in a renewable energy. Correct: The company is investing in renewable energy..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The scientist discovered a new species of a plant. Correct: The scientist discovered a new species of plant..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The tourists are visiting a famous monument. Correct: The tourists are visiting the famous monument..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The children are playing a soccer in a park. Correct: The children are playing soccer in the park..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: He is a fan of a classical music. Correct: He is a fan of classical music..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The couple is taking a walk in a park. Correct: The couple is taking a walk in the park..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The audience enjoyed a performance of a play. Correct: The audience enjoyed the performance of the play..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The teacher is explaining a new concept to a students. Correct: The teacher is explaining a new concept to the students..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The family is having a dinner at a restaurant. Correct: The family is having dinner at the restaurant..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The airplane is flying above a clouds. Correct: The airplane is flying above the clouds..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: She is wearing a beautiful dress to a party. Correct: She is wearing a beautiful dress to the party..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The artist is painting a landscape with a oil paint. Correct: The artist is painting a landscape with oil paint..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The child is playing with a sand at a beach. Correct: The child is playing with sand at the beach..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The workers are constructing a new building. Correct: The workers are constructing the new building..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The team is celebrating their victory in a competition. Correct: The team is celebrating their victory in the competition..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The author is signing a copies of her new book. Correct: The author is signing copies of her new book..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: He is looking at a stars through a telescope. Correct: He is looking at the stars through a telescope..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The farmer is harvesting a crops in a field. Correct: The farmer is harvesting crops in the field..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The family is watching a movie together at a home. Correct: The family is watching a movie together at home..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The students are practicing a yoga in a gym. Correct: The students are practicing yoga in the gym..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The musician is playing a piano in a concert hall. Correct: The musician is playing the piano in a concert hall..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The volunteers are cleaning a beach on a weekend. Correct: The volunteers are cleaning the beach on the weekend..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The car is making a strange noise when a engine is running. Correct: The car is making a strange noise when the engine is running..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The city is famous for a unique architecture. Correct: The city is famous for its unique architecture..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The couple is taking a vacation in a tropical island. Correct: The couple is taking a vacation on a tropical island..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The museum is featuring a new exhibit about a ancient civilizations. Correct: The museum is featuring a new exhibit about ancient civilizations..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The photographer is taking pictures of a wildlife. Correct: The photographer is taking pictures of wildlife..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The passengers are waiting for a train at a train station. Correct: The passengers are waiting for the train at the train station..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The computer is displaying an error message on a screen. Correct: The computer is displaying an error message on the screen..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The weather forecast predicts a rain for a tomorrow. Correct: The weather forecast predicts rain for tomorrow..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The plants need a water and a sunlight to grow. Correct: The plants need water and sunlight to grow..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The patient is recovering from a surgery at a hospital. Correct: The patient is recovering from surgery at the hospital..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The government is implementing a new policies to improve a economy. Correct: The government is implementing new policies to improve the economy..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The audience is waiting for a show to start. Correct: The audience is waiting for the show to start..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The squirrel is collecting a nuts for a winter. Correct: The squirrel is collecting nuts for the winter..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The player scored a goal during a soccer match. Correct: The player scored a goal during the soccer match..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The speaker is giving a presentation on a social issues. Correct: The speaker is giving a presentation on social issues..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The tourists are exploring a city on a guided tour. Correct: The tourists are exploring the city on a guided tour..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The employees are attending a training session at a company. Correct: The employees are attending a training session at the company..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The crowd is cheering for a home team at a sports event. Correct: The crowd is cheering for the home team at the sports event..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The scientist is conducting a research on a climate change. Correct: The scientist is conducting research on climate change..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The chef is cooking a meal using a fresh ingredients. Correct: The chef is cooking a meal using fresh ingredients..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The hikers are enjoying a view from a top of a mountain. Correct: The hikers are enjoying the view from the top of the mountain..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The teacher is helping a students with a homework assignments. Correct: The teacher is helping the students with their homework assignments..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The passengers are boarding a plane at a gate. Correct: The passengers are boarding the plane at the gate..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The couple is celebrating a anniversary with a special dinner. Correct: The couple is celebrating their anniversary with a special dinner..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The athlete is preparing for a competition by training a hard. Correct: The athlete is preparing for the competition by training hard..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The artist is displaying a paintings in a gallery. Correct: The artist is displaying paintings in the gallery..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The team is working together to solve a problem. Correct: The team is working together to solve the problem..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The workers are repairing a damaged road. Correct: The workers are repairing the damaged road..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The children are enjoying a ride at a amusement park. Correct: The children are enjoying a ride at the amusement park..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The flowers are adding a color and a beauty to a garden. Correct: The flowers are adding color and beauty to the garden..
Error Type: Article Usage. Incorrect: The family is visiting a famous landmarks during a vacation. Correct: The family is visiting famous landmarks during their vacation..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: In Friday, I will go to the party. Correct: On Friday, I will go to the party..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He is interested to learn guitar. Correct: He is interested in learning guitar..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She took the keys out her pocket. Correct: She took the keys out of her pocket..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The cat is hiding under the table. Correct: The cat is hiding beneath the table..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: My friend lives on New York City. Correct: My friend lives in New York City..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She always listens music after work. Correct: She always listens to music after work..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: I met him outside the house. Correct: I met him outside of the house..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: They're going on the beach this weekend. Correct: They're going to the beach this weekend..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The book is laying over the desk. Correct: The book is lying on the desk..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: I have been waiting him since morning. Correct: I have been waiting for him since morning..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She will arrive at Monday night. Correct: She will arrive on Monday night..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He works as a teacher in a school. Correct: He works as a teacher at a school..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The cake is divided between four people. Correct: The cake is divided among four people..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: I prefer coffee instead tea. Correct: I prefer coffee instead of tea..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The plane flew over the mountains. Correct: The plane flew above the mountains..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: We walked through the park. Correct: We walked across the park..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: I found the book on the library. Correct: I found the book in the library..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: They're going for a walk along the river. Correct: They're going for a walk beside the river..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She is waiting the bus stop. Correct: She is waiting at the bus stop..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: I need to talk with him about the project. Correct: I need to talk to him about the project..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He threw the ball inside the window. Correct: He threw the ball through the window..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She looked around the room. Correct: She looked about the room..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The meeting is scheduled on 2 PM. Correct: The meeting is scheduled at 2 PM..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The museum is located at Washington. Correct: The museum is located in Washington..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He was leaning against the wall. Correct: He was leaning on the wall..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She sat beside the window. Correct: She sat next to the window..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: They walked among the trees. Correct: They walked amidst the trees..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The ice cream shop is near the park. Correct: The ice cream shop is close to the park..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She is traveling by train. Correct: She is traveling on a train..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The birds were flying over the lake. Correct: The birds were flying above the lake..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He is good at playing football. Correct: He is skilled in playing football..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: I am looking forward to meet you. Correct: I am looking forward to meeting you..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She kept her purse beside the table. Correct: She kept her purse next to the table..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: I will come back from work in 5 PM. Correct: I will come back from work at 5 PM..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The movie is based in a true story. Correct: The movie is based on a true story..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: They're standing in the entrance. Correct: They're standing at the entrance..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The train arrives on 3 PM. Correct: The train arrives at 3 PM..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The concert will be held in the stadium. Correct: The concert will be held at the stadium..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He is waiting outside the doctor's office. Correct: He is waiting outside of the doctor's office..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The dog jumped in the fence. Correct: The dog jumped over the fence..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She is an expert at cooking Italian dishes. Correct: She is an expert in cooking Italian dishes..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The library is close on Sundays. Correct: The library is closed on Sundays..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The store is located in the corner. Correct: The store is located at the corner..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: They met at the party on Saturday night. Correct: They met at the party on Saturday evening..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The cat climbed up the tree. Correct: The cat climbed up into the tree..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He's working as a waiter in the restaurant. Correct: He's working as a waiter at the restaurant..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: They were surprised with the news. Correct: They were surprised by the news..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She was hiding behind the door. Correct: She was hiding in back of the door..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: We arrived to the party late. Correct: We arrived at the party late..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The car is parked in front the house. Correct: The car is parked in front of the house..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She was talking in the phone. Correct: She was talking on the phone..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: I will meet you in the airport. Correct: I will meet you at the airport..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The students are sitting on the classroom. Correct: The students are sitting in the classroom..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The plane will depart in 30 minutes. Correct: The plane will depart after 30 minutes..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The package was delivered on her. Correct: The package was delivered to her..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He is waiting in the bus stop. Correct: He is waiting at the bus stop..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She will come home in the evening. Correct: She will come home during the evening..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The book was written from a famous author. Correct: The book was written by a famous author..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The meeting will be held on the conference room. Correct: The meeting will be held in the conference room..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: I found the wallet under the sofa. Correct: I found the wallet beneath the sofa..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She is reading a book about the history. Correct: She is reading a book on the history..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The movie starts in 7 PM. Correct: The movie starts at 7 PM..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The vase is placed on the table. Correct: The vase is placed upon the table..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He lives in a small village near the mountains. Correct: He lives in a small village close to the mountains..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The concert was cancelled due the rain. Correct: The concert was cancelled due to the rain..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The cat jumped off the table. Correct: The cat jumped from the table..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He is working on a new project. Correct: He is working upon a new project..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: They were arguing about the issue. Correct: They were arguing over the issue..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The bus stopped at the corner. Correct: The bus stopped on the corner..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The flowers are growing by the river. Correct: The flowers are growing alongside the river..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She was sitting on a bench in the park. Correct: She was sitting on a bench at the park..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The building is surrounded with trees. Correct: The building is surrounded by trees..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The train goes through the tunnel. Correct: The train goes across the tunnel..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He is reading a book on the library. Correct: He is reading a book in the library..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: I have to pay my bills until Friday. Correct: I have to pay my bills by Friday..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The cake was shared between the children. Correct: The cake was shared among the children..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She was carrying a bag on her shoulder. Correct: She was carrying a bag over her shoulder..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The car is parked behind the building. Correct: The car is parked in back of the building..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The shop is located at the end of the street. Correct: The shop is located on the end of the street..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The kids are playing outside the house. Correct: The kids are playing outside of the house..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She was standing beside the window. Correct: She was standing next to the window..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The painting is hanging on the wall. Correct: The painting is hanging upon the wall..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The book was lying over the table. Correct: The book was lying on the table..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The concert will be held in the park. Correct: The concert will be held at the park..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: They were walking along the beach. Correct: They were walking beside the beach..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The building is located at the city center. Correct: The building is located in the city center..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The bird was sitting on the tree. Correct: The bird was sitting in the tree..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The party will start in 8 PM. Correct: The party will start at 8 PM..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: She was sitting on the chair. Correct: She was sitting in the chair..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The meeting is scheduled on 10 AM. Correct: The meeting is scheduled at 10 AM..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He was leaning on the wall. Correct: He was leaning against the wall..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: They were talking about their plans. Correct: They were talking of their plans..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The plane was flying above the clouds. Correct: The plane was flying over the clouds..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: The car is parked in front of the house. Correct: The car is parked in front the house..
Error Type: Preposition Usage. Incorrect: He is waiting for her on the restaurant. Correct: He is waiting for her at the restaurant..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: I be going to the store to buy groceries. Correct: I am going to the store to buy groceries..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He no likes pineapple on his pizza. Correct: He doesn't like pineapple on his pizza..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She very tired after the long day at work. Correct: She is very tired after the long day at work..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The dog chased it's tail for hours. Correct: The dog chased its tail for hours..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He play guitar at the concert last night. Correct: He played guitar at the concert last night..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: John and I dog went for a walk. Correct: John's and my dog went for a walk..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The cake needs to bake in oven for 30 minutes. Correct: The cake needs to bake in the oven for 30 minutes..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She sung a beautiful song at the talent show. Correct: She sang a beautiful song at the talent show..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He won't able came to the party tonight. Correct: He won't be able to come to the party tonight..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The car needs repaired before we can drive it. Correct: The car needs to be repaired before we can drive it..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She running in the park every morning. Correct: She runs in the park every morning..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The childrens had a lot of fun at the playground. Correct: The children had a lot of fun at the playground..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The book layed on the table for weeks. Correct: The book lay on the table for weeks..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: I needs help with this heavy box. Correct: I need help with this heavy box..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: I wants to learn how to cook a new recipe. Correct: I want to learn how to cook a new recipe..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: We was playing soccer when it started to rain. Correct: We were playing soccer when it started to rain..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The laptops on the desk are belong to him. Correct: The laptops on the desk belong to him..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She going to the beach for vacation tomorrow. Correct: She is going to the beach for vacation tomorrow..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He don't know how to fix the broken faucet. Correct: He doesn't know how to fix the broken faucet..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The cat tried climbs the tree but couldn't. Correct: The cat tried to climb the tree but couldn't..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: They enjoys reading mystery novels. Correct: They enjoy reading mystery novels..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She could ran faster if she trained more. Correct: She could run faster if she trained more..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The cookies needs to cool before we can eat them. Correct: The cookies need to cool before we can eat them..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She have a lot of work to do this weekend. Correct: She has a lot of work to do this weekend..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: We played soccer and basketball at the park yesterday. Correct: We played soccer and basketball at the park yesterday..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: I'm going to the store for buying some groceries. Correct: I'm going to the store to buy some groceries..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He no longer works here, he resigned last month. Correct: He no longer works here; he resigned last month..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The teacher said be quiet and open your books. Correct: The teacher said to be quiet and open your books..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The phone battery drained quick and died. Correct: The phone battery drained quickly and died..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: I can't finds my keys, have you seen them? Correct: I can't find my keys; have you seen them?.
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The doctor said my blood pressure are high. Correct: The doctor said my blood pressure is high..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She always forgets taking her medication. Correct: She always forgets to take her medication..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The email haven't been sent yet, I'll do it now. Correct: The email hasn't been sent yet; I'll do it now..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He was walk in the park when he found a wallet. Correct: He was walking in the park when he found a wallet..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: I been waiting for the bus for over an hour. Correct: I have been waiting for the bus for over an hour..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The cat chased the mouse but it couldn't catched it. Correct: The cat chased the mouse but couldn't catch it..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The movie were really good, I enjoyed it. Correct: The movie was really good; I enjoyed it..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She needs to learn how cook before she moves out. Correct: She needs to learn how to cook before she moves out..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: I can't believe she ate the whole cake herself! Correct: I can't believe she ate the whole cake by herself!.
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The store sells a variety of clothes and shoes. Correct: The store sells a variety of clothing and shoes..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The phone battery is dead, could you charged it? Correct: The phone battery is dead; could you charge it?.
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She has an appointment at the dentist on next week. Correct: She has an appointment at the dentist next week..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: They went to beach and had a great time together. Correct: They went to the beach and had a great time together..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: Our neighbors dog barks loudly every night. Correct: Our neighbor's dog barks loudly every night..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He wants to travelling to Europe next summer. Correct: He wants to travel to Europe next summer..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The recipe calls for two cups of sugar and a eggs. Correct: The recipe calls for two cups of sugar and an egg..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: We must to finish the project before the deadline. Correct: We must finish the project before the deadline..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The concert will be held at the park on Saturday. Correct: The concert will be held at the park this Saturday..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The children plays outside after school each day. Correct: The children play outside after school each day..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She putted the flowers in a vase on the table. Correct: She put the flowers in a vase on the table..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The dog sleeps on the floor by its owner bed. Correct: The dog sleeps on the floor by its owner's bed..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The chef cooked a delicious meal for the guests. Correct: The chef cooked a delicious meal for the guests..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: After much thought, he decided to buy a new car. Correct: After much thought, he decided to buy a new car..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The painting was hang on the wall above the fireplace. Correct: The painting was hung on the wall above the fireplace..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The teacher gave the students they homework. Correct: The teacher gave the students their homework..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The table needs to be setted before dinner. Correct: The table needs to be set before dinner..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She has a few books that she wants to reading. Correct: She has a few books that she wants to read..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: They goes to the same school as their cousins. Correct: They go to the same school as their cousins..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The cat chased after the bird, but it got away. Correct: The cat chased after the bird, but it got away..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He works as a doctor and helps many peoples. Correct: He works as a doctor and helps many people..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She has a beautiful singing voice and sings often. Correct: She has a beautiful singing voice and sings often..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He doesn't likes to eat vegetables, especially peas. Correct: He doesn't like to eat vegetables, especially peas..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The boy throwed the ball to his friend in the park. Correct: The boy threw the ball to his friend in the park..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The childrens played hide and seek in the backyard. Correct: The children played hide and seek in the backyard..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She asked her friend if they wants to go shopping. Correct: She asked her friend if they want to go shopping..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The cake needs to be frosted after it cools down. Correct: The cake needs to be frosted after it cools down..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The store closes at 9:00pm and opens at 8:00am. Correct: The store closes at 9:00 pm and opens at 8:00 am..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: We were surprised when she showed up at the party. Correct: We were surprised when she showed up at the party..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The baby was crying because it was hungry and tired. Correct: The baby was crying because it was hungry and tired..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The birds sings loudly in the trees every morning. Correct: The birds sing loudly in the trees every morning..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The sun sets in the west and rises in the east. Correct: The sun sets in the west and rises in the east..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He was going to the store, but then he changed mind. Correct: He was going to the store, but then he changed his mind..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The movie starts at 7:00pm, we should leave soon. Correct: The movie starts at 7:00 pm; we should leave soon..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She can plays the piano and the guitar very well. Correct: She can play the piano and the guitar very well..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The books on the shelf are belongs to the library. Correct: The books on the shelf belong to the library..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The dog chased the squirrels in the park yesterday. Correct: The dog chased the squirrels in the park yesterday..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The flowers in the garden are blooming beautifully. Correct: The flowers in the garden are blooming beautifully..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The phone rang, but she didn't heard it. Correct: The phone rang, but she didn't hear it..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: They visited their grandparents on the weekend. Correct: They visited their grandparents on the weekend..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The cake was delicious, but it was too sweet. Correct: The cake was delicious, but it was too sweet..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The mail should be arrives soon, I'm expecting a package. Correct: The mail should arrive soon; I'm expecting a package..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She goes to the gym every day to exercising. Correct: She goes to the gym every day to exercise..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He was late to work because he missed his bus. Correct: He was late to work because he missed his bus..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The ice cream truck comes to our neighborhood often. Correct: The ice cream truck comes to our neighborhood often..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The computer is very slow and needs to be fixed. Correct: The computer is very slow and needs to be fixed..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The teacher asked the students to quiet down. Correct: The teacher asked the students to quiet down..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The cake needs more icing; it's not enough. Correct: The cake needs more icing; there isn't enough..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She has a lot of homeworks to do this weekend. Correct: She has a lot of homework to do this weekend..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He doesn't like to eat fish because of the taste. Correct: He doesn't like to eat fish because of the taste..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The weather is very hot today; I need a cold drink. Correct: The weather is very hot today; I need a cold drink..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The car is parked in the driveway behind the house. Correct: The car is parked in the driveway behind the house..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He was reading a book when the phone rang. Correct: He was reading a book when the phone rang..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The children needs to be picked up from school. Correct: The children need to be picked up from school..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The concert was very loud, but it was a lot of fun. Correct: The concert was very loud, but it was a lot of fun..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She wants to learn how to play the violin this year. Correct: She wants to learn how to play the violin this year..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The dog is very friendly and loves to play fetch. Correct: The dog is very friendly and loves to play fetch..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The store is closed today because of the holiday. Correct: The store is closed today because of the holiday..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The plants needs to be watered every day. Correct: The plants need to be watered every day..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The movie was scary, but I enjoyed watching it. Correct: The movie was scary, but I enjoyed watching it..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: He was very tired after working all day. Correct: He was very tired after working all day..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The new restaurant serves delicious food. Correct: The new restaurant serves delicious food..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: She was very excited about her upcoming vacation. Correct: She was very excited about her upcoming vacation..
Error Type: Sentence Structure Errors. Incorrect: The doctor told him to get plenty of rest and fluids. Correct: The doctor told him to get plenty of rest and fluids..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 1. She always be triying new things. Correct: 1. She always tries new things..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 2. John and me went to the store yesterday. Correct: 2. John and I went to the store yesterday..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 3. The books is on the shelf in the library. Correct: 3. The book is on the shelf in the library..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 4. The car needs to be wash before we go. Correct: 4. The car needs to be washed before we go..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 5. If you could met any celebrity, who would it be? Correct: 5. If you could meet any celebrity, who would it be?.
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 6. The performence was amazing, I enjoyed alot. Correct: 6. The performance was amazing, I enjoyed a lot..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 7. She prefered to eat apple instead of orange. Correct: 7. She preferred to eat an apple instead of an orange..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 8. Can you tell me were the nearest bank are? Correct: 8. Can you tell me where the nearest bank is?.
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 9. He was very tired, so he layed down on the couch. Correct: 9. He was very tired, so he lay down on the couch..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 10. I'm going to the gym to excersise for an hour. Correct: 10. I'm going to the gym to exercise for an hour..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 11. The company is launching a innnovative product soon. Correct: 11. The company is launching an innovative product soon..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 12. This plants need water everyday to grow well. Correct: 12. These plants need water every day to grow well..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 13. She was very upset and started to cryed. Correct: 13. She was very upset and started to cry..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 14. The cake needs to be baked in 350 degress for 30 minutes. Correct: 14. The cake needs to be baked at 350 degrees for 30 minutes..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 15. I am a student at University of Washinton. Correct: 15. I am a student at the University of Washington..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 16. It's raining outside, so don't forget to take a umbrela. Correct: 16. It's raining outside, so don't forget to take an umbrella..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 17. He was feeling ill so he went to the doctors office. Correct: 17. He was feeling ill, so he went to the doctor's office..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 18. They have four childs, two boys and two girls. Correct: 18. They have four children, two boys and two girls..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 19. The dog chased it's tail in the park. Correct: 19. The dog chased its tail in the park..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 20. My favorite colours are blue, green, and yelow. Correct: 20. My favorite colors are blue, green, and yellow..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 21. They're going to there friend's house for dinner. Correct: 21. They're going to their friend's house for dinner..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 22. Please put the dirty dishes into the washing mashine. Correct: 22. Please put the dirty dishes into the washing machine..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 23. She is studing biology at the university this semester. Correct: 23. She is studying biology at the university this semester..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 24. The manager wants to hire a new assistent for his department. Correct: 24. The manager wants to hire a new assistant for his department..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 25. I have a question, can I axe you something? Correct: 25. I have a question, can I ask you something?.
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 26. The ocean is fill with various species of fish and mammals. Correct: 26. The ocean is filled with various species of fish and mammals..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 27. The book is about a man who travells through time. Correct: 27. The book is about a man who travels through time..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 28. He lost his wallet and now he has no moneys. Correct: 28. He lost his wallet and now he has no money..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 29. When I was young, I used to played soccer every day. Correct: 29. When I was young, I used to play soccer every day..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 30. She offen has to work late hours at her job. Correct: 30. She often has to work late hours at her job..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 31. The ingredients list include flour, suger, and eggs. Correct: 31. The ingredients list includes flour, sugar, and eggs..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 32. The cat was stuck on the tree and couldn't got down. Correct: 32. The cat was stuck in the tree and couldn't get down..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 33. He was driving too fast and lost control of the vehicel. Correct: 33. He was driving too fast and lost control of the vehicle..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 34. The airplane was delayed due to bad wheather conditions. Correct: 34. The airplane was delayed due to bad weather conditions..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 35. She is a expert in her field and has written many articles. Correct: 35. She is an expert in her field and has written many articles..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 36. The restaurant offers a wide varity of dishes. Correct: 36. The restaurant offers a wide variety of dishes..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 37. We have planted tomatoes, potatos, and carrots in our garden. Correct: 37. We have planted tomatoes, potatoes, and carrots in our garden..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 38. He recieved a letter from an unkown person. Correct: 38. He received a letter from an unknown person..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 39. The teacher was explaning a difficult concept to the students. Correct: 39. The teacher was explaining a difficult concept to the students..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 40. She has been working for the company since six years. Correct: 40. She has been working for the company for six years..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 41. The hotel provides towels and bedsheet to its guests. Correct: 41. The hotel provides towels and bed sheets to its guests..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 42. The baby was crying beacuse it was hungry. Correct: 42. The baby was crying because it was hungry..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 43. There's a new resturant in town that serves delicious food. Correct: 43. There's a new restaurant in town that serves delicious food..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 44. The movie was very interesting and full of suspence. Correct: 44. The movie was very interesting and full of suspense..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 45. The children were playing hide-and-seek in the backyard. Correct: 45. The children were playing hide-and-seek in the backyard..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 46. I can't believe how fast my daughter is groing up. Correct: 46. I can't believe how fast my daughter is growing up..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 47. She has two siblings, an older brother and a younger sister. Correct: 47. She has two siblings, an older brother, and a younger sister..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 48. He can play the guitar, the piano, and the drumbs. Correct: 48. He can play the guitar, the piano, and the drums..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 49. The sun is shining bright and it's a beutiful day. Correct: 49. The sun is shining bright, and it's a beautiful day..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 50. The store sells furnitures, electronics, and clothing. Correct: 50. The store sells furniture, electronics, and clothing..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 51. She loves to listen to music and sing along with her favorit songs. Correct: 51. She loves to listen to music and sing along with her favorite songs..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 52. The scientists are researching new methods of energy production. Correct: 52. The scientists are researching new methods of energy production..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 53. He didn't knew the answer, so he guessed it. Correct: 53. He didn't know the answer, so he guessed it..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 54. The candidate was nervus during the job interview. Correct: 54. The candidate was nervous during the job interview..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 55. The book shelf was full of old dusty books. Correct: 55. The bookshelf was full of old dusty books..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 56. They enjoyed the concert, especialy the final performance. Correct: 56. They enjoyed the concert, especially the final performance..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 57. The car accident happend at the intersection of two roads. Correct: 57. The car accident happened at the intersection of two roads..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 58. The dog was wagging it's tail happily when it saw its owner. Correct: 58. The dog was wagging its tail happily when it saw its owner..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 59. The paintings in the museum were truly breath taking. Correct: 59. The paintings in the museum were truly breathtaking..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 60. The students were waiting impatiantly for the test results. Correct: 60. The students were waiting impatiently for the test results..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 61. The city is known for its historic architecture and buetiful parks. Correct: 61. The city is known for its historic architecture and beautiful parks..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 62. The recipe calls for two cups of flower and one cup of sugar. Correct: 62. The recipe calls for two cups of flour and one cup of sugar..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 63. The athlete jumped over the huddle with ease. Correct: 63. The athlete jumped over the hurdle with ease..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 64. The librarian helped the student find the book she was looking for. Correct: 64. The librarian helped the student find the book she was looking for..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 65. The cake was decorated with icing flowers and colorful sprikles. Correct: 65. The cake was decorated with icing flowers and colorful sprinkles..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 66. The team was excited about their victory in the tournment. Correct: 66. The team was excited about their victory in the tournament..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 67. The computer software was infected with a dangerous virus. Correct: 67. The computer software was infected with a dangerous virus..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 68. The weather forecast predicts rain for the next three days. Correct: 68. The weather forecast predicts rain for the next three days..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 69. The company's annual revenue has increasd by 10% this year. Correct: 69. The company's annual revenue has increased by 10% this year..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 70. She was doing her daily exercise routine in the mornig. Correct: 70. She was doing her daily exercise routine in the morning..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 71. The house was decorated with balloons and banners for the party. Correct: 71. The house was decorated with balloons and banners for the party..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 72. The farmer was milking the cow in the barn early in the morning. Correct: 72. The farmer was milking the cow in the barn early in the morning..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 73. She was feeling tired, so she decided to took a nap. Correct: 73. She was feeling tired, so she decided to take a nap..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 74. The new phone has a better camera and a longer batery life. Correct: 74. The new phone has a better camera and a longer battery life..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 75. He was walking in the forest when he heard a strange noice. Correct: 75. He was walking in the forest when he heard a strange noise..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 76. The package was delivered to the wrong adress by mistake. Correct: 76. The package was delivered to the wrong address by mistake..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 77. The train was delayed due to a problem with the rail tracks. Correct: 77. The train was delayed due to a problem with the railroad tracks..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 78. The car's breaks failed, causing it to crash into a tree. Correct: 78. The car's brakes failed, causing it to crash into a tree..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 79. The kids were playing in the sandbox and building sandcastels. Correct: 79. The kids were playing in the sandbox and building sandcastles..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 80. The boy cutted his finger while peeling the apple. Correct: 80. The boy cut his finger while peeling the apple..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 81. The ice cream was melting quickly in the hot summer sun. Correct: 81. The ice cream was melting quickly in the hot summer sun..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 82. The meeting was schedule for 3pm, but it was postponed. Correct: 82. The meeting was scheduled for 3 pm, but it was postponed..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 83. I asked her to call me when she arives at the airport. Correct: 83. I asked her to call me when she arrives at the airport..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 84. The city is facing a water shortage due to the ongoing drought. Correct: 84. The city is facing a water shortage due to the ongoing drought..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 85. The elephant is the largest mamal on Earth. Correct: 85. The elephant is the largest mammal on Earth..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 86. The teacher asked the students to be quite during the test. Correct: 86. The teacher asked the students to be quiet during the test..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 87. The car was parked on the street and had a flat tyre. Correct: 87. The car was parked on the street and had a flat tire..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 88. The football player scored a goal in the last minute of the game. Correct: 88. The football player scored a goal in the last minute of the game..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 89. The little girl was looking forward to her birthay party. Correct: 89. The little girl was looking forward to her birthday party..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 90. He bought a new pair of shoes that were very unconfortable. Correct: 90. He bought a new pair of shoes that were very uncomfortable..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 91. The scientist presented his research findings at the conference. Correct: 91. The scientist presented his research findings at the conference..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 92. She was a great cook and her lasagna was delisious. Correct: 92. She was a great cook, and her lasagna was delicious..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 93. The bakery sells donuts, bagels, and various kind of breads. Correct: 93. The bakery sells donuts, bagels, and various kinds of bread..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 94. She was afraid of hights and couldn't climb the ladder. Correct: 94. She was afraid of heights and couldn't climb the ladder..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 95. The laptop was pluged in but it wasn't charging. Correct: 95. The laptop was plugged in, but it wasn't charging..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 96. The store clerk was counting the money in the cash register. Correct: 96. The store clerk was counting the money in the cash register..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 97. The tourists were taking pictures of the beautful waterfall. Correct: 97. The tourists were taking pictures of the beautiful waterfall..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 98. The conference room was equiped with a projector and whiteboard. Correct: 98. The conference room was equipped with a projector and whiteboard..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 99. The doctor adviced her to exercise regularly and eat healthy. Correct: 99. The doctor advised her to exercise regularly and eat healthily..
Error Type: Spelling Mistakes. Incorrect: 100. The company is celebrating it's 10th anniversary this year. Correct: 100. The company is celebrating its 10th anniversary this year..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I dont know what your talking about. Correct: I dont know what youre talking about..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: She said that she was going to the store but she never came back. Correct: She said that she was going to the store, but she never came back..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: Its a beautiful day isnt it? Correct: Its a beautiful day, isnt it?.
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: He likes pizza pasta and burgers. Correct: He likes pizza, pasta, and burgers..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: Where are you going? asked Mary. Correct: Where are you going? asked Mary..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The teacher gave us alot of homework. Correct: The teacher gave us a lot of homework..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: Theyre dog is very cute. Correct: Their dog is very cute..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: No I dont want to go there. Correct: No, I dont want to go there..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: Can you help me with this problem? Correct: Can you help me with this problem?.
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: He said Im sorry. Correct: He said, Im sorry..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: She is a smart talented and kind person. Correct: She is a smart, talented, and kind person..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I love reading books especially novels. Correct: I love reading books, especially novels..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: How are you doing today? Correct: How are you doing today?.
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The movie was very interesting however it was too long. Correct: The movie was very interesting; however, it was too long..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I have been to Paris London and Rome. Correct: I have been to Paris, London, and Rome..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: He is not only a good singer but also a good dancer. Correct: He is not only a good singer but also a good dancer..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: She forgot to bring her umbrella so she got wet. Correct: She forgot to bring her umbrella, so she got wet..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: What time is it? he wondered. Correct: What time is it? he wondered..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I like chocolate cake but not vanilla. Correct: I like chocolate cake, but not vanilla..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: He was late for the meeting because of the traffic. Correct: He was late for the meeting because of the traffic..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: Their going too the store, want anything? Correct: They're going to the store; want anything?.
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The dog wagged it's tail, and barked. Correct: The dog wagged its tail and barked..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I love reading books, like; Harry Potter, and Lord of the Rings. Correct: I love reading books, like Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The meeting, is at 2:00 PM please arrive early. Correct: The meeting is at 2:00 PM; please arrive early..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: She said"the party was great!": Correct: She said, "The party was great!".
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The Earth, revolves around the Sun. Correct: The Earth revolves around the Sun..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: Can you believe it, I won the lottery! Correct: Can you believe it? I won the lottery!.
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The results of the experiment were inconclusive, however they warrant further investigation. Correct: The results of the experiment were inconclusive; however, they warrant further investigation..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I have to go to the bank, get groceries, and pick up the kids from school. Correct: I have to go to the bank, get groceries, and pick up the kids from school..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: What are you doing tonight, I thought we could watch a movie. Correct: What are you doing tonight? I thought we could watch a movie..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: If the weather's nice we'll go to the park. Correct: If the weather's nice, we'll go to the park..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: In her free time she enjoys cooking playing tennis and reading. Correct: In her free time, she enjoys cooking, playing tennis, and reading..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I need to buy bread milk eggs and cheese. Correct: I need to buy bread, milk, eggs, and cheese..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: John's favorite subjects are history, math and science. Correct: John's favorite subjects are history, math, and science..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: When the alarm went off, she hit snooze and went back to sleep. Correct: When the alarm went off, she hit snooze and went back to sleep..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: She asked "Can you help me with my homework?" Correct: She asked, "Can you help me with my homework?".
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The movie was amazing it blew my mind! Correct: The movie was amazing; it blew my mind!.
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: My phone's battery is dead, I need to charge it! Correct: My phone's battery is dead; I need to charge it!.
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: First, preheat the oven to 350F then mix all the ingredients together. Correct: First, preheat the oven to 350F; then mix all the ingredients together..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I can't find my keys have you seen them? Correct: I can't find my keys; have you seen them?.
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: We went to the beach, it was a beautiful day! Correct: We went to the beach; it was a beautiful day!.
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: She shouted"Stop that right now!" Correct: She shouted, "Stop that right now!".
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The cake was delicious, however it was too sweet for my taste. Correct: The cake was delicious; however, it was too sweet for my taste..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I have to study for my exam clean the house, and do the laundry. Correct: I have to study for my exam, clean the house, and do the laundry..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: Her favorite colors are blue, purple and green. Correct: Her favorite colors are blue, purple, and green..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The conference starts at 9:00 AM, make sure to bring your ID. Correct: The conference starts at 9:00 AM; make sure to bring your ID..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I tried calling you, but you didn't answer, your phone. Correct: I tried calling you, but you didn't answer your phone..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The weather is terrible today it's been raining nonstop. Correct: The weather is terrible today; it's been raining nonstop..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I'm going to the gym, after that, I'll cook dinner. Correct: I'm going to the gym; after that, I'll cook dinner..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: He's a great singer, and dancer too. Correct: He's a great singer and dancer too..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: Before leaving the house, don't forget to lock the door, and turn off the lights. Correct: Before leaving the house, don't forget to lock the door and turn off the lights..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The concert was amazing I had a fantastic time! Correct: The concert was amazing; I had a fantastic time!.
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I have a dentist appointment at 3:00 PM, I need to leave work early. Correct: I have a dentist appointment at 3:00 PM; I need to leave work early..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: She was late for the meeting which caused some issues. Correct: She was late for the meeting, which caused some issues..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The new restaurant opened today, the food was delicious. Correct: The new restaurant opened today; the food was delicious..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: When I visited Paris, I went to the Louvre Museum, and the Eiffel Tower. Correct: When I visited Paris, I went to the Louvre Museum and the Eiffel Tower..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I'll bring snacks, you can bring drinks, to the party. Correct: I'll bring snacks; you can bring drinks to the party..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: I don't like seafood, but I enjoy sushi. Correct: I don't like seafood, but I enjoy sushi..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The sunset was beautiful, we took many pictures. Correct: The sunset was beautiful; we took many pictures..
Error Type: Punctuation Errors. Incorrect: The book is interesting, it's about ancient civilizations. Correct: The book is interesting; it's about ancient civilizations..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: i have a meeting on Monday with dr. Smith. Correct: I have a meeting on Monday with Dr. Smith..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: my iphone suddenly stopped working, can you help? Correct: My iPhone suddenly stopped working, can you help?.
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: the amazon rainforest is the largest tropical rainforest in the world. Correct: The Amazon Rainforest is the largest tropical rainforest in the world..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: please submit your application to the department of human resources. Correct: Please submit your application to the Department of Human Resources..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: the pacific ocean is the largest and deepest ocean on Earth. Correct: The Pacific Ocean is the largest and deepest ocean on Earth..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: he left for los angeles early in the morning. Correct: He left for Los Angeles early in the morning..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: in the united states, the president is elected every four years. Correct: In the United States, the president is elected every four years..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: can you pick up some coca-cola from the store? Correct: Can you pick up some Coca-Cola from the store?.
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: i'm reading harry potter and the philosopher's stone. Correct: I'm reading Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: the eiffel tower is a popular tourist attraction in paris, france. Correct: The Eiffel Tower is a popular tourist attraction in Paris, France..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: the grand canyon is a must-visit destination in arizona, usa. Correct: The Grand Canyon is a must-visit destination in Arizona, USA..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: i need to book a flight to london on british airways. Correct: I need to book a flight to London on British Airways..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: i recently watched the movie inception directed by christopher nolan. Correct: I recently watched the movie Inception directed by Christopher Nolan..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: the great wall of china is an iconic landmark in china. Correct: The Great Wall of China is an iconic landmark in China..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: the international space station orbits Earth every 90 minutes. Correct: The International Space Station orbits Earth every 90 minutes..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: she is studying at the university of cambridge in the united kingdom. Correct: She is studying at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: the book pride and prejudice was written by jane austen. Correct: The book Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: mount everest is the highest peak in the world. Correct: Mount Everest is the highest peak in the world..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: the mona lisa is a famous painting by leonardo da vinci. Correct: The Mona Lisa is a famous painting by Leonardo da Vinci..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: the national aeronautics and space administration (nasa) was founded in 1958. Correct: The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) was founded in 1958..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: she is a doctor and he is a lawyer. Correct: She is a doctor and he is a lawyer..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: the sun rises in the east and sets in the west. Correct: The sun rises in the east and sets in the west..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: what is your name? Correct: What is your name?.
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: i have two cats, tom and jerry. Correct: I have two cats, Tom and Jerry..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: we went to paris last summer. Correct: We went to Paris last summer..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: he said, im sorry. Correct: He said, Im sorry..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: i like pizza, pasta, and ice cream. Correct: I like pizza, pasta, and ice cream..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: my birthday is on january 1st. Correct: My birthday is on January 1st..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: harry potter is a famous book series by j.k. rowling. Correct: Harry Potter is a famous book series by J.K. Rowling..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: i dont know how to play chess. Correct: I dont know how to play chess..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: can you help me with my homework? Correct: Can you help me with my homework?.
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: this is a beautiful painting by vincent van gogh. Correct: This is a beautiful painting by Vincent van Gogh..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: im going to the movies with my friends. Correct: Im going to the movies with my friends..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: do you like chocolate or vanilla? Correct: Do you like chocolate or vanilla?.
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: i live in new delhi, the capital of india. Correct: I live in New Delhi, the capital of India..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: she loves reading books by jane austen. Correct: She loves reading books by Jane Austen..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: im learning spanish and french. Correct: Im learning Spanish and French..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: he works at google, a tech company. Correct: He works at Google, a tech company..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: im a fan of beyonc, a famous singer. Correct: Im a fan of Beyonc, a famous singer..
Error Type: Capitalization Errors. Incorrect: we celebrate christmas on december 25th. Correct: We celebrate Christmas on December 25th..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: The weather outside is very extreem today. Correct: The weather outside is very extreme today..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: She didn't excepted the job offer. Correct: She didn't accept the job offer..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: I want to loose some weight before the event. Correct: I want to lose some weight before the event..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: He was effected by the new regulations. Correct: He was affected by the new regulations..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: Please be advise on the new office policy. Correct: Please be advised on the new office policy..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: She gave a complimentary to her colleague. Correct: She gave a compliment to her colleague..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: The guests were impressed by the luxurious desert. Correct: The guests were impressed by the luxurious dessert..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: The principle called a meeting with the teachers. Correct: The principal called a meeting with the teachers..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: Can you tell me the currant exchange rate? Correct: Can you tell me the current exchange rate?.
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: The author's preface is followed by a forward. Correct: The author's preface is followed by a foreword..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: Your computer has a virus and needs to be de-fragmented. Correct: Your computer has a virus and needs to be defragmented..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: I need to buy a new pear of sneakers. Correct: I need to buy a new pair of sneakers..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: He was wearing a suite to the interview. Correct: He was wearing a suit to the interview..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: The movie was based on a true storey. Correct: The movie was based on a true story..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: I have a soar throat and a headache. Correct: I have a sore throat and a headache..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: The company is planning to launch its new product next weak. Correct: The company is planning to launch its new product next week..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: She was very discrete about her personal life. Correct: She was very discreet about her personal life..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: The scientists were studying the affects of pollution on health. Correct: The scientists were studying the effects of pollution on health..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: The suspect will be trialed in court next month. Correct: The suspect will be tried in court next month..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: Could you pass me the flour, please? Correct: Could you pass me the flower, please?.
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: She excepted his offer with gratitude. Correct: She accepted his offer with gratitude..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: He was very adapt at playing chess. Correct: He was very adept at playing chess..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: The affect of the storm was devastating. Correct: The effect of the storm was devastating..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: They had a lot of fun at the principles office. Correct: They had a lot of fun at the principals office..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: She complimented him on his descent performance. Correct: She complimented him on his decent performance..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: He was feeling board, so he decided to read a book. Correct: He was feeling bored, so he decided to read a book..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: She was very conscience of her appearance. Correct: She was very conscious of her appearance..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: He advised her to be discreet about her plans. Correct: He advised her to be discreet about her plans..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: She had a flair for writing poetry. Correct: She had a flair for writing poetry..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: He was not fazed by the criticism. Correct: He was not fazed by the criticism..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: She gave him a piece of her mind. Correct: She gave him a piece of her mind..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: He was very weary after the long journey. Correct: He was very weary after the long journey..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: She had a personal stake in the outcome. Correct: She had a personal stake in the outcome..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: He complimented her on her beautiful hair. Correct: He complimented her on her beautiful hair..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: She was very discrete in her dealings. Correct: She was very discreet in her dealings..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: He had a lot of patients as a doctor. Correct: He had a lot of patients as a doctor..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: She was very complementary to his work. Correct: She was very complimentary to his work..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: He had a hard time choosing between the two options. Correct: He had a hard time choosing between the two options..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: She was very reluctant to except his apology. Correct: She was very reluctant to accept his apology..
Error Type: Word Choice/Usage. Incorrect: He was very confidant in his abilities. Correct: He was very confident in his abilities..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: I went to the store I bought groceries. Correct: I went to the store, and I bought groceries..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: She loves reading she reads every night. Correct: She loves reading, so she reads every night..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: The sun is shining it's a beautiful day. Correct: The sun is shining; it's a beautiful day..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: He failed the test he didn't study enough. Correct: He failed the test because he didn't study enough..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: The cake is delicious everyone enjoyed it. Correct: The cake is delicious, and everyone enjoyed it..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: I like to travel I've been to many countries. Correct: I like to travel, as I've been to many countries..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: The conference starts at 9 AM it ends at 5 PM. Correct: The conference starts at 9 AM, and it ends at 5 PM..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: The computer is running slow it needs an upgrade. Correct: The computer is running slow, so it needs an upgrade..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: She forgot her umbrella it started to rain. Correct: She forgot her umbrella, and then it started to rain..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: The movie was boring we left early. Correct: The movie was boring, so we left early..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: He's a talented musician he plays multiple instruments. Correct: He's a talented musician, as he plays multiple instruments..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: The flowers are blooming spring has arrived. Correct: The flowers are blooming since spring has arrived..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: I'm allergic to cats I can't have one as a pet. Correct: I'm allergic to cats, so I can't have one as a pet..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: She wasn't feeling well she went to the doctor. Correct: She wasn't feeling well, so she went to the doctor..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: The restaurant was crowded we had to wait for a table. Correct: The restaurant was crowded, and we had to wait for a table..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: He saw the advertisement he decided to apply. Correct: He saw the advertisement, and he decided to apply..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: She wants to lose weight she started exercising. Correct: She wants to lose weight, so she started exercising..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: The car was out of gas he had to walk to the nearest station. Correct: The car was out of gas, so he had to walk to the nearest station..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: The laptop battery died he couldn't finish his work. Correct: The laptop battery died, and he couldn't finish his work..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: The project deadline is approaching they're working late hours. Correct: The project deadline is approaching, so they're working late hours..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: She loves reading books she reads every day. Correct: She loves reading books, and she reads every day..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: He wanted to go to the park but his mother said no. Correct: He wanted to go to the park, but his mother said no..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: I like chocolate cake it is my favorite dessert. Correct: I like chocolate cake; it is my favorite dessert..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: They went to the museum they saw many paintings. Correct: They went to the museum, where they saw many paintings..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: She is a good singer she has a beautiful voice. Correct: She is a good singer because she has a beautiful voice..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: He studied hard for the exam he passed with flying colors. Correct: He studied hard for the exam, and he passed with flying colors..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: I have a dog his name is Max. Correct: I have a dog, and his name is Max..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: She was hungry she decided to order pizza. Correct: She was hungry, so she decided to order pizza..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: He likes to play soccer he is very good at it. Correct: He likes to play soccer, which he is very good at..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: I went to the store I bought some milk and eggs. Correct: I went to the store, where I bought some milk and eggs..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: She is a doctor she works at a hospital. Correct: She is a doctor who works at a hospital..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: He was tired he went to bed early. Correct: He was tired, so he went to bed early..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: I love music I listen to it all the time. Correct: I love music, and I listen to it all the time..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: They are friends they met in college. Correct: They are friends who met in college..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: She likes to travel she has been to many countries. Correct: She likes to travel, and she has been to many countries..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: He is smart he knows a lot of things. Correct: He is smart, and he knows a lot of things..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: I have a cat her name is Luna. Correct: I have a cat, and her name is Luna..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: He is a teacher he teaches math. Correct: He is a teacher who teaches math..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: She was happy she got a promotion. Correct: She was happy, for she got a promotion..
Error Type: Run-on Sentences. Incorrect: He likes to watch movies he has a large collection of DVDs. Correct: He likes to watch movies, and he has a large collection of DVDs..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: Eating an apple, hungry. Correct: I was eating an apple because I was hungry..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: She late for meeting. Correct: She was late for the meeting..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: He the best teacher. Correct: He is the best teacher..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: Can you me a favor? Correct: Can you do me a favor?.
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The cat on the roof, playing. Correct: The cat was playing on the roof..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: I my phone in my bag. Correct: I left my phone in my bag..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The sun bright, sunglasses needed. Correct: The sun was so bright that sunglasses were needed..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: She crying, felt sad. Correct: She was crying because she felt sad..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The cake the oven, baking. Correct: The cake was in the oven, baking..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: They the store, buying groceries. Correct: They were at the store, buying groceries..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The car, dirty, needs cleaning. Correct: The car is dirty and needs cleaning..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: I my laptop, working on a project. Correct: I was using my laptop to work on a project..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The concert, loud, people dancing. Correct: The concert was loud, and people were dancing..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The rain, heavy, streets flooded. Correct: The rain was heavy, and the streets were flooded..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The dog, barking, someone at the door. Correct: The dog was barking because there was someone at the door..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: He the gym, exercising. Correct: He was at the gym, exercising..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The movie, interesting, everyone engaged. Correct: The movie was interesting, and everyone was engaged..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The flowers, blooming, spring arrived. Correct: The flowers were blooming because spring had arrived..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The wind, strong, trees swaying. Correct: The wind was strong, and the trees were swaying..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The package, delivered, on the porch. Correct: The package was delivered and left on the porch..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The book, fascinating, couldn't put it down. Correct: The book was so fascinating that I couldn't put it down..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The water, boiling, ready for tea. Correct: The water was boiling and ready for tea..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: She the store, looking for shoes. Correct: She was at the store, looking for shoes..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The party, crowded, everyone having fun. Correct: The party was crowded, and everyone was having fun..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The computer, slow, needs an upgrade. Correct: The computer is slow and needs an upgrade..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The beach, crowded, people sunbathing. Correct: The beach was crowded, with people sunbathing..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The restaurant, busy, waiters running around. Correct: The restaurant was busy, with waiters running around..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The plane, delayed, passengers waiting. Correct: The plane was delayed, and passengers were waiting..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The garden, beautiful, flowers everywhere. Correct: The garden was beautiful, with flowers everywhere..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The music, soothing, people relaxing. Correct: The music was soothing, and people were relaxing..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The snow, falling, children playing outside. Correct: The snow was falling, and children were playing outside..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The painting, captivating, people admiring it. Correct: The painting was captivating, with people admiring it..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The coffee, hot, perfect for a cold day. Correct: The coffee was hot, which was perfect for a cold day..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: She her room, cleaning up. Correct: She was in her room, cleaning up..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The game, intense, fans cheering loudly. Correct: The game was intense, with fans cheering loudly..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The baby, asleep, parents relieved. Correct: The baby was asleep, and the parents were relieved..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The stars, shining, beautiful night sky. Correct: The stars were shining in the beautiful night sky..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The lecture, informative, students taking notes. Correct: The lecture was informative, with students taking notes..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The train, arriving, passengers boarding. Correct: The train was arriving, and passengers were boarding..
Error Type: Sentence Fragments. Incorrect: The cake, delicious, everyone wanting more. Correct: The cake was delicious, with everyone wanting more..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: I went to the store store. Correct: I went to the store..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: At 3 PM in the afternoon, I have a meeting. Correct: At 3 PM, I have a meeting..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: He accidentally made the same mistake twice. Correct: He accidentally made the same mistake..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: She bought a new car, a brand new car. Correct: She bought a new car..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: The instructions were unclear, not clear. Correct: The instructions were unclear..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: I need to buy new shoes because my old shoes are old. Correct: I need to buy new shoes because my old ones are worn..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: The pizza was so delicious and very tasty. Correct: The pizza was delicious..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: He is always continuously working on his projects. Correct: He is always working on his projects..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: She traveled to many different various countries. Correct: She traveled to many countries..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: The store is closed today due to the holiday holiday. Correct: The store is closed today due to the holiday..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: The movie was boring and it was not interesting. Correct: The movie was boring..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: John whispered quietly so that nobody could hear. Correct: John whispered so that nobody could hear..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: Please RSVP in advance, ahead of time. Correct: Please RSVP in advance..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: I want to buy a new shirt, but first I have to save up some money, some cash. Correct: I want to buy a new shirt, but first I have to save up some money..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: The little small puppy was so cute. Correct: The little puppy was so cute..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: She was angry and furious about the situation. Correct: She was furious about the situation..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: I have to finish my work by the end of the day today. Correct: I have to finish my work by the end of the day..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: The athlete ran quickly with great speed. Correct: The athlete ran quickly..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: The cake is sweet and has a sugary taste. Correct: The cake is sweet..
Error Type: Redundancy/Repetition. Incorrect: I'll email you the details and the information. Correct: I'll email you the details..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 1. Let's not open up that can of worms in the same boat. Correct: 1. Let's not open up that can of worms..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 2. You're comparing apples to oranges while the cat's away. Correct: 2. You're comparing apples to oranges..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 3. You can't judge a book by its cover with a grain of salt. Correct: 3. You can't judge a book by its cover..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 4. She's burning the candle at both ends, and it takes two to tango. Correct: 4. She's burning the candle at both ends..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 5. Let's not put all our eggs in one basket out of the frying pan and into the fire. Correct: 5. Let's not put all our eggs in one basket..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 6. He's driving me up the wall, but there's no smoke without fire. Correct: 6. He's driving me up the wall..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 7. I'll cross that bridge when I come to it, but a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. Correct: 7. I'll cross that bridge when I come to it..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 8. She's biting off more than she can chew between a rock and a hard place. Correct: 8. She's biting off more than she can chew..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 9. It's not rocket science, but you can't make an omelette without breaking eggs. Correct: 9. It's not rocket science..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 10. The early bird catches the worm, but that's the way the cookie crumbles. Correct: 10. The early bird catches the worm..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 11. He's running out of steam, but the grass is always greener on the other side. Correct: 11. He's running out of steam..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 12. The ball is in your court, but every cloud has a silver lining. Correct: 12. The ball is in your court..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 13. You can't have your cake and eat it too, but it's a piece of cake. Correct: 13. You can't have your cake and eat it too..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 14. Let the cat out of the bag, but don't count your chickens before they hatch. Correct: 14. Let the cat out of the bag..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 15. He's barking up the wrong tree at the end of the day. Correct: 15. He's barking up the wrong tree..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 16. She's walking on thin ice, but Rome wasn't built in a day. Correct: 16. She's walking on thin ice..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 17. Time flies when you're having fun, and a rolling stone gathers no moss. Correct: 17. Time flies when you're having fun..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 18. Actions speak louder than words, but don't put the cart before the horse. Correct: 18. Actions speak louder than words..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 19. Don't bite the hand that feeds you, but the pen is mightier than the sword. Correct: 19. Don't bite the hand that feeds you..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 20. A picture is worth a thousand words, but it's better to be safe than sorry. Correct: 20. A picture is worth a thousand words..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 21. You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink with a silver spoon. Correct: 21. You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 22. The proof of the pudding is in the eating, but all that glitters is not gold. Correct: 22. The proof of the pudding is in the eating..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 23. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but the early bird catches the worm. Correct: 23. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 24. Don't put all your eggs in one basket, but time is money. Correct: 24. Don't put all your eggs in one basket..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 25. There's no such thing as a free lunch, but money doesn't grow on trees. Correct: 25. There's no such thing as a free lunch..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 26. When in Rome, do as the Romans do, but don't cry over spilled milk. Correct: 26. When in Rome, do as the Romans do..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 27. Out of sight, out of mind, but it's the thought that counts. Correct: 27. Out of sight, out of mind..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 28. You can't teach an old dog new tricks, but the show must go on. Correct: 28. You can't teach an old dog new tricks..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 29. You can't have your cake and eat it too, but too many cooks spoil the broth. Correct: 29. You can't have your cake and eat it too..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 30. Don't judge a book by its cover, but every dog has his day. Correct: 30. Don't judge a book by its cover..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 31. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer, but the squeaky wheel gets the grease. Correct: 31. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 32. There's no smoke without fire, but you can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear. Correct: 32. There's no smoke without fire..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 33. Two heads are better than one, but the devil is in the details. Correct: 33. Two heads are better than one..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 34. The squeaky wheel gets the grease, but you can't make an omelette without breaking eggs. Correct: 34. The squeaky wheel gets the grease..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 35. A watched pot never boils, but the best things in life are free. Correct: 35. A watched pot never boils..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 36. Fortune favors the bold, but good things come to those who wait. Correct: 36. Fortune favors the bold..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 37. A chain is only as strong as its weakest link, but all's fair in love and war. Correct: 37. A chain is only as strong as its weakest link..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 38. The apple doesn't fall far from the tree, but a leopard can't change its spots. Correct: 38. The apple doesn't fall far from the tree..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 39. You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar, but the grass is always greener on the other side. Correct: 39. You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 40. Ignorance is bliss, but knowledge is power. Correct: 40. Ignorance is bliss..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 41. Great minds think alike, but too many cooks spoil the broth. Correct: 41. Great minds think alike..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 42. Absence makes the heart grow fonder, but out of sight, out of mind. Correct: 42. Absence makes the heart grow fonder..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 43. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure, but actions speak louder than words. Correct: 43. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 44. A penny saved is a penny earned, but money can't buy happiness. Correct: 44. A penny saved is a penny earned..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 45. Blood is thicker than water, but you can't choose your family. Correct: 45. Blood is thicker than water..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 46. Don't look a gift horse in the mouth, but it's the thought that counts. Correct: 46. Don't look a gift horse in the mouth..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 47. Slow and steady wins the race, but time waits for no one. Correct: 47. Slow and steady wins the race..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 48. Laughter is the best medicine, but all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. Correct: 48. Laughter is the best medicine..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 49. The road to hell is paved with good intentions, but every cloud has a silver lining. Correct: 49. The road to hell is paved with good intentions..
Error Type: Mixed Metaphors/Idioms. Incorrect: 50. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush, but don't count your chickens before they hatch. Correct: 50. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The car was driven by Sarah to the supermarket. Correct: Sarah drove the car to the supermarket..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The cake was eaten by the guests at the party. Correct: The guests ate the cake at the party..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The report was completed by the team before the deadline. Correct: The team completed the report before the deadline..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The movie was enjoyed by everyone in the theater. Correct: Everyone in the theater enjoyed the movie..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The computer was repaired by the technician yesterday. Correct: The technician repaired the computer yesterday..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The package was delivered by the mail carrier this morning. Correct: The mail carrier delivered the package this morning..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The lecture was given by Professor Smith. Correct: Professor Smith gave the lecture..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The song was performed by the choir at the concert. Correct: The choir performed the song at the concert..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The medicine was prescribed by the doctor for my illness. Correct: The doctor prescribed the medicine for my illness..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The plants were watered by Jane every day. Correct: Jane watered the plants every day..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The book was written by the author in six months. Correct: The author wrote the book in six months..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The house was painted by the workers last week. Correct: The workers painted the house last week..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The proposal was submitted by the company to the client. Correct: The company submitted the proposal to the client..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The game was won by the home team in overtime. Correct: The home team won the game in overtime..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The project was managed by Tom from start to finish. Correct: Tom managed the project from start to finish..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The letter was sent by the secretary to the board members. Correct: The secretary sent the letter to the board members..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The coffee was made by Kevin for the morning meeting. Correct: Kevin made the coffee for the morning meeting..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The play was directed by Susan at the community theater. Correct: Susan directed the play at the community theater..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The clothes were washed by Mary in the laundry room. Correct: Mary washed the clothes in the laundry room..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The email was forwarded by Jim to his colleagues. Correct: Jim forwarded the email to his colleagues..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The invitation was accepted by Lisa to attend the event. Correct: Lisa accepted the invitation to attend the event..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The flowers were arranged by the florist for the wedding. Correct: The florist arranged the flowers for the wedding..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The contract was signed by the CEO after reviewing the terms. Correct: The CEO signed the contract after reviewing the terms..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The groceries were bought by Mark at the store. Correct: Mark bought the groceries at the store..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The cake was baked by my grandmother for my birthday. Correct: My grandmother baked the cake for my birthday..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The dishes were washed by Peter after dinner. Correct: Peter washed the dishes after dinner..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The gift was wrapped by Sarah for the party. Correct: Sarah wrapped the gift for the party..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The window was broken by the kids playing outside. Correct: The kids playing outside broke the window..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The photos were taken by the photographer at the event. Correct: The photographer took the photos at the event..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The presentation was prepared by the team for the meeting. Correct: The team prepared the presentation for the meeting..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The tickets were bought by Jane for the concert. Correct: Jane bought the tickets for the concert..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The speech was delivered by the politician at the rally. Correct: The politician delivered the speech at the rally..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The research was conducted by the scientists in the lab. Correct: The scientists conducted the research in the lab..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The dog was walked by Tim in the park. Correct: Tim walked the dog in the park..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The article was published by the magazine in the latest issue. Correct: The magazine published the article in the latest issue..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The meal was cooked by the chef for the guests. Correct: The chef cooked the meal for the guests..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The table was set by Emily for dinner. Correct: Emily set the table for dinner..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The music was composed by the artist for the film. Correct: The artist composed the music for the film..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The documents were printed by the assistant for the meeting. Correct: The assistant printed the documents for the meeting..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The room was cleaned by the staff before the event. Correct: The staff cleaned the room before the event..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The computer program was developed by the engineers. Correct: The engineers developed the computer program..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The garden was tended by the gardener throughout the summer. Correct: The gardener tended the garden throughout the summer..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The children were picked up by their parents after school. Correct: The parents picked up their children after school..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The furniture was moved by the movers into the new house. Correct: The movers moved the furniture into the new house..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The bicycle was fixed by the mechanic at the shop. Correct: The mechanic fixed the bicycle at the shop..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The cake was decorated by the baker with icing and flowers. Correct: The baker decorated the cake with icing and flowers..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The plants were pruned by the gardener to encourage growth. Correct: The gardener pruned the plants to encourage growth..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The sculpture was created by the artist using clay and metal. Correct: The artist created the sculpture using clay and metal..
Error Type: Passive Voice Overuse. Incorrect: The meeting was organized by the manager to discuss the new project. Correct: The manager organized the meeting to discuss the new project..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: Me and him went to the store yesterday. Correct: He and I went to the store yesterday..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: When you see Sarah, give them this letter. Correct: When you see Sarah, give her this letter..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The dog chased it's tail. Correct: The dog chased its tail..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The council members gathered to discuss about their community. Correct: The council members gathered to discuss their community..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: If anyone finishes their work early, they can leave. Correct: If anyone finishes his or her work early, he or she can leave..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The team is working on their project. Correct: The team is working on its project..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: They're house is beautiful. Correct: Their house is beautiful..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The teacher told the students that they needs to study harder. Correct: The teacher told the students that they need to study harder..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: She gave the books to John and I. Correct: She gave the books to John and me..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The company wants to ensure they're customers are satisfied. Correct: The company wants to ensure their customers are satisfied..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The doctor asked the patient to describe it's symptoms. Correct: The doctor asked the patient to describe his or her symptoms..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The cat looked at itself in the mirror. Correct: The cat looked at itself in the mirror..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: When the car broke down, the mechanic fixed them. Correct: When the car broke down, the mechanic fixed it..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The plants need water for they're survival. Correct: The plants need water for their survival..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: Everyone must submit there own report by Friday. Correct: Everyone must submit his or her own report by Friday..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The boys went to the park and played soccer with them friends. Correct: The boys went to the park and played soccer with their friends..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: Me and her went to the movies last night. Correct: She and I went to the movies last night..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The manager will discuss the issue with the employee and there supervisor. Correct: The manager will discuss the issue with the employee and their supervisor..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The teacher asked the students to submit they're assignments by tomorrow. Correct: The teacher asked the students to submit their assignments by tomorrow..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The birds fly to the south for it's warmer. Correct: The birds fly to the south because it's warmer..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The club will hold a meeting to discuss its future plans and there budget. Correct: The club will hold a meeting to discuss its future plans and its budget..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The mother told her children that they can play outside once they've finished them homework. Correct: The mother told her children that they can play outside once they've finished their homework..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The engineer explained the technical aspects of the project to the client and they're manager. Correct: The engineer explained the technical aspects of the project to the client and their manager..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The band played their instruments loudly, which made them neighbors upset. Correct: The band played their instruments loudly, which made their neighbors upset..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The scientist presented his findings to they're colleagues. Correct: The scientist presented his findings to their colleagues..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The students took their exams, and they results were announced the following week. Correct: The students took their exams, and their results were announced the following week..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The author released a new book, and it's popularity skyrocketed. Correct: The author released a new book, and its popularity skyrocketed..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The tourists took pictures of the beautiful scenery with them cameras. Correct: The tourists took pictures of the beautiful scenery with their cameras..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The children were excited for they're upcoming field trip. Correct: The children were excited for their upcoming field trip..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The athlete worked hard to improve them performance. Correct: The athlete worked hard to improve his or her performance..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The company's employees attended a workshop to improve they're skills. Correct: The company's employees attended a workshop to improve their skills..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The computer technician fixed the issue with the laptop and returned it to it's owner. Correct: The computer technician fixed the issue with the laptop and returned it to its owner..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The customer returned the product because them were not satisfied with its quality. Correct: The customer returned the product because he or she was not satisfied with its quality..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The chef prepared the dish and presented it to the customer with they're compliments. Correct: The chef prepared the dish and presented it to the customer with their compliments..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The students were asked to submit they're research papers by the end of the semester. Correct: The students were asked to submit their research papers by the end of the semester..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The driver parked the car in it's designated spot. Correct: The driver parked the car in its designated spot..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The newlyweds bought a house and decorated them together. Correct: The newlyweds bought a house and decorated it together..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The artist displayed their paintings at the exhibition, and they're work received much praise. Correct: The artist displayed his or her paintings at the exhibition, and his or her work received much praise..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The conference attendees enjoyed the presentations and discussed them with they're colleagues. Correct: The conference attendees enjoyed the presentations and discussed them with their colleagues..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The gardener watered the plants and took care of there needs. Correct: The gardener watered the plants and took care of their needs..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The family went on a vacation and shared them experiences on social media. Correct: The family went on a vacation and shared their experiences on social media..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The mechanic repaired the car and informed it's owner about the repairs. Correct: The mechanic repaired the car and informed its owner about the repairs..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The company was proud of it's achievements and shared them with the public. Correct: The company was proud of its achievements and shared them with the public..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The dog owner trained their dog to follow they're commands. Correct: The dog owner trained his or her dog to follow his or her commands..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The volunteers cleaned the park and made sure it's surroundings were litter-free. Correct: The volunteers cleaned the park and made sure its surroundings were litter-free..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The author signed copies of their book and handed them to they're fans. Correct: The author signed copies of his or her book and handed them to his or her fans..
Error Type: Pronoun Errors. Incorrect: The project manager assigned tasks to the team members based on their skills and there availability. Correct: The project manager assigned tasks to the team members based on their skills and their availability..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: I like pizza, but I don't like ice cream. Correct: I like pizza but don't like ice cream..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: She can sing, and she can dance. Correct: She can sing and dance..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: He is tall, or he is short. Correct: He is either tall or short..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: I will go to the store, but I will buy groceries. Correct: I will go to the store and buy groceries..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The weather is sunny, but it is also windy. Correct: The weather is sunny and also windy..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: I enjoy reading, and I enjoy writing too. Correct: I enjoy reading and writing too..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The car is fast, but it is also fuel-efficient. Correct: The car is fast and fuel-efficient..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: They want to play soccer, or they want to play basketball. Correct: They want to play either soccer or basketball..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: She is a doctor, and she is a lawyer. Correct: She is both a doctor and a lawyer..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The cake is delicious, but it is not too sweet. Correct: The cake is delicious and not too sweet..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The laptop is lightweight, and it has a long battery life. Correct: The laptop is lightweight with a long battery life..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The movie was entertaining, but it was also thought-provoking. Correct: The movie was entertaining and thought-provoking..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: He can play the guitar, and he can play the piano. Correct: He can play both the guitar and the piano..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The room is messy, but it is still organized. Correct: The room is messy yet organized..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: I'm tired, but I can't sleep. Correct: I'm tired but can't sleep..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: She's beautiful, but she's also kind. Correct: She's beautiful and kind..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The phone is expensive, and it has many features. Correct: The phone is expensive with many features..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The book is long, but it is interesting. Correct: The book is long and interesting..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: I need to study, or I need to work on the project. Correct: I need to either study or work on the project..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The dog is friendly, and it is well-trained. Correct: The dog is friendly and well-trained..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The plants need water, but they also need sunlight. Correct: The plants need water and sunlight..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The food is delicious, but it is spicy. Correct: The food is delicious and spicy..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The presentation is informative, and it is engaging. Correct: The presentation is informative and engaging..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: He's smart, but he's lazy. Correct: He's smart but lazy..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: I want to travel, or I want to save money. Correct: I want to either travel or save money..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The software is powerful, and it is user-friendly. Correct: The software is powerful and user-friendly..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The house is old, but it is well-maintained. Correct: The house is old and well-maintained..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: She is studying, or she is working on her assignment. Correct: She is either studying or working on her assignment..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The city is crowded, but it is lively. Correct: The city is crowded and lively..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The coat is warm, and it is stylish. Correct: The coat is warm and stylish..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The computer is slow, but it is reliable. Correct: The computer is slow and reliable..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The coffee is strong, but it is not bitter. Correct: The coffee is strong and not bitter..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: I like to exercise, or I like to relax. Correct: I like to either exercise or relax..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The recipe is simple, and it is delicious. Correct: The recipe is simple and delicious..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The test is difficult, but it is fair. Correct: The test is difficult and fair..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The restaurant is busy, but it is not noisy. Correct: The restaurant is busy and not noisy..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The beach is crowded, and it is noisy. Correct: The beach is crowded and noisy..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: He is studying, or he is preparing for the exam. Correct: He is either studying or preparing for the exam..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The garden is beautiful, and it is well-kept. Correct: The garden is beautiful and well-kept..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The job is demanding, but it is rewarding. Correct: The job is demanding and rewarding..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The team is talented, but they are inexperienced. Correct: The team is talented and inexperienced..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The conference is interesting, and it is well-organized. Correct: The conference is interesting and well-organized..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The painting is old, but it is valuable. Correct: The painting is old and valuable..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The road is long, but it is scenic. Correct: The road is long and scenic..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The hotel is luxurious, and it is expensive. Correct: The hotel is luxurious and expensive..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The project is challenging, but it is worth the effort. Correct: The project is challenging and worth the effort..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: She is shy, but she is friendly. Correct: She is shy and friendly..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The vacation is relaxing, but it is also adventurous. Correct: The vacation is relaxing and adventurous..
Error Type: Conjunction Misuse. Incorrect: The climate is cold, but it is dry. Correct: The climate is cold and dry..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: Walking incredibly, John finished the race. Correct: Incredibly, John finished the race while walking..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: She served sandwiches on plates to her guests made of whole wheat. Correct: She served sandwiches made of whole wheat on plates to her guests..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The broken teacher's window should be fixed. Correct: The teacher's broken window should be fixed..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: My cousin told me while eating a story about her vacation. Correct: While eating, my cousin told me a story about her vacation..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The car was parked by the man with a dent. Correct: The car with a dent was parked by the man..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The painting was admired by the visitors hanging on the wall. Correct: The painting hanging on the wall was admired by the visitors..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The teacher noticed the students laughing in the hallway. Correct: The teacher noticed the students in the hallway laughing..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: I heard that there was a rumor floating around about the company's bankruptcy at the meeting. Correct: At the meeting, I heard that there was a rumor floating around about the company's bankruptcy..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The documentary focused on environmental issues narrated by a famous actor. Correct: The documentary narrated by a famous actor focused on environmental issues..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The kittens were discovered under the porch by the family covered in mud. Correct: The kittens covered in mud were discovered by the family under the porch..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: Jennifer's book was criticized by the reviewers filled with errors. Correct: Jennifer's book filled with errors was criticized by the reviewers..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The computer was used by the programmer loaded with new software. Correct: The computer loaded with new software was used by the programmer..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The article was written by a talented writer exploring a controversial topic. Correct: The article exploring a controversial topic was written by a talented writer..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The baby was carried by the mother wrapped in a soft blanket. Correct: The baby wrapped in a soft blanket was carried by the mother..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: I saw the dog running across the street wagging its tail. Correct: I saw the dog wagging its tail running across the street..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: She was cleaning her room listening to music. Correct: She was cleaning her room while listening to music..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The soccer player was awarded the trophy for his outstanding performance filled with excitement. Correct: The soccer player filled with excitement was awarded the trophy for his outstanding performance..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The suitcase was found by the traveler filled with clothes. Correct: The suitcase filled with clothes was found by the traveler..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The research paper was submitted by the student containing several errors. Correct: The research paper containing several errors was submitted by the student..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The package was opened by the recipient containing a surprise gift. Correct: The package containing a surprise gift was opened by the recipient..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The cake was baked by the chef with a cherry on top. Correct: The cake with a cherry on top was baked by the chef..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The play was directed by a renowned director with an unusual twist. Correct: The play with an unusual twist was directed by a renowned director..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The flowers were planted by the gardener along the pathway blooming beautifully. Correct: The flowers blooming beautifully were planted by the gardener along the pathway..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The presentation was delivered by the speaker with great enthusiasm. Correct: The presentation with great enthusiasm was delivered by the speaker..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The movie is about a detective solving a mystery based on a true story. Correct: The movie, based on a true story, is about a detective solving a mystery..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The article was written by a journalist on the front page about political scandals. Correct: The article about political scandals was written by a journalist on the front page..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The children were playing soccer in the park wearing uniforms. Correct: The children wearing uniforms were playing soccer in the park..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The package was delivered to the wrong address by the courier by mistake. Correct: The package was delivered by the courier to the wrong address by mistake..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The book was reviewed by the critic with a controversial opinion. Correct: The book with a controversial opinion was reviewed by the critic..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The meeting was attended by the team discussing the new project. Correct: The meeting discussing the new project was attended by the team..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The boy was scolded by the teacher for not doing his homework with tears in his eyes. Correct: The boy with tears in his eyes was scolded by the teacher for not doing his homework..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The tree was cut down by the workers blocking the road. Correct: The tree blocking the road was cut down by the workers..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The dress was worn by the actress at the awards ceremony with a long train. Correct: The dress with a long train was worn by the actress at the awards ceremony..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The concert was performed by the orchestra with great energy. Correct: The concert with great energy was performed by the orchestra..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The phone was found by the owner in the lost and found with a cracked screen. Correct: The phone with a cracked screen was found by the owner in the lost and found..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The meal was prepared by the chef using fresh ingredients. Correct: The meal using fresh ingredients was prepared by the chef..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The house was decorated by the designer with a modern touch. Correct: The house with a modern touch was decorated by the designer..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The exhibition was visited by the tourists featuring local artists. Correct: The exhibition featuring local artists was visited by the tourists..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The novel was written by the author set in medieval times. Correct: The novel set in medieval times was written by the author..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The car was driven by the mechanic for a test with a strange noise. Correct: The car with a strange noise was driven by the mechanic for a test..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The email was sent by the manager containing important updates. Correct: The email containing important updates was sent by the manager..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The lesson was taught by the instructor with a unique approach. Correct: The lesson with a unique approach was taught by the instructor..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The experiment was conducted by the scientist with great precision. Correct: The experiment with great precision was conducted by the scientist..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The report was presented by the analyst including recent trends. Correct: The report including recent trends was presented by the analyst..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The coffee was served by the barista with a beautiful design on top. Correct: The coffee with a beautiful design on top was served by the barista..
Error Type: Modifiers Misplacement. Incorrect: The interview was conducted by the journalist with a famous celebrity. Correct: The interview with a famous celebrity was conducted by the journalist..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: He run more faster than me. Correct: He runs faster than me..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This is the most tallest building I've ever seen. Correct: This is the tallest building I've ever seen..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: She thinks she's the most funniest person in the room. Correct: She thinks she's the funniest person in the room..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: My car is more better than yours. Correct: My car is better than yours..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: Her cake was more tastier than mine. Correct: Her cake was tastier than mine..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: He was more colder than his brother. Correct: He was colder than his brother..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This book is most interesting than that one. Correct: This book is more interesting than that one..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: She is most beautiful than her sister. Correct: She is more beautiful than her sister..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This computer is most faster than the old one. Correct: This computer is faster than the old one..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The new employee is most efficient than the previous one. Correct: The new employee is more efficient than the previous one..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The river is most longer than the stream. Correct: The river is longer than the stream..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The movie was most worse than I expected. Correct: The movie was worse than I expected..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This wine is most more expensive than the other one. Correct: This wine is more expensive than the other one..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The weather today is most hotter than yesterday. Correct: The weather today is hotter than yesterday..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: She has the most longest hair I've ever seen. Correct: She has the longest hair I've ever seen..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: His speech was most more compelling than hers. Correct: His speech was more compelling than hers..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This pizza place has the most best pizza in town. Correct: This pizza place has the best pizza in town..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The most earliest bird catches the worm. Correct: The early bird catches the worm..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This recipe is most simpler than the other one. Correct: This recipe is simpler than the other one..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The exam was most easier than I thought. Correct: The exam was easier than I thought..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: That was the most hardest level of the game. Correct: That was the hardest level of the game..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: He is the most laziest person I know. Correct: He is the laziest person I know..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This is the most latest news I've heard. Correct: This is the latest news I've heard..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The roller coaster was the most scariest I've ever been on. Correct: The roller coaster was the scariest I've ever been on..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: He is the most strongest man in the competition. Correct: He is the strongest man in the competition..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This is the most happiest day of my life. Correct: This is the happiest day of my life..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The novel was most more engaging than the movie. Correct: The novel was more engaging than the movie..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: She is the most youngest person in the group. Correct: She is the youngest person in the group..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This is the most farthest I've ever traveled. Correct: This is the farthest I've ever traveled..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The new software is most more user-friendly than the old one. Correct: The new software is more user-friendly than the old one..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The most quickest way to get there is by train. Correct: The quickest way to get there is by train..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: He is the most oldest person in the family. Correct: He is the oldest person in the family..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This material is most more durable than the other one. Correct: This material is more durable than the other one..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This is the most hardest puzzle I've ever solved. Correct: This is the hardest puzzle I've ever solved..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: He is the most more skillful player on the team. Correct: He is the most skillful player on the team..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The most shortest route is through the park. Correct: The shortest route is through the park..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This is the most more affordable option for us. Correct: This is the more affordable option for us..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The most richest person in the world lives here. Correct: The richest person in the world lives here..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: She is the most more experienced candidate for the job. Correct: She is the more experienced candidate for the job..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The most easiest way to learn is by doing. Correct: The easiest way to learn is by doing..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The most highest mountain in the world is Mount Everest. Correct: The highest mountain in the world is Mount Everest..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This is the most more spacious room in the house. Correct: This is the more spacious room in the house..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The most deepest part of the ocean is the Mariana Trench. Correct: The deepest part of the ocean is the Mariana Trench..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: He is the most more talented musician I know. Correct: He is the more talented musician I know..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The most narrowest street in the world is in Spain. Correct: The narrowest street in the world is in Spain..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The most more difficult decision I've made was to quit my job. Correct: The more difficult decision I've made was to quit my job..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The most brightest star in the sky is Sirius. Correct: The brightest star in the sky is Sirius..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: The most most powerful superhero is Superman. Correct: The most powerful superhero is Superman..
Error Type: Agreement in Comparative and Superlative Forms. Incorrect: This is the most more efficient way to complete the task. Correct: This is the more efficient way to complete the task..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: She enjoys reading, to watch movies, and cooking. Correct: She enjoys reading, watching movies, and cooking..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: John needs to clean his room, the car, and organizing his desk. Correct: John needs to clean his room, the car, and organize his desk..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The job requires research skills, good communication, and working independently. Correct: The job requires research skills, good communication, and independent work..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: My favorite activities are hiking, swimming, and to travel. Correct: My favorite activities are hiking, swimming, and traveling..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The restaurant offers delicious food, cheap prices, and it's very cozy. Correct: The restaurant offers delicious food, cheap prices, and a cozy atmosphere..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: To succeed in business, one must be dedicated, work hard, and you need to network. Correct: To succeed in business, one must be dedicated, work hard, and network..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The conference will focus on technology, innovations, and discussing the future. Correct: The conference will focus on technology, innovations, and the future..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The teacher asked the students to write an essay, read a book, and preparing a presentation. Correct: The teacher asked the students to write an essay, read a book, and prepare a presentation..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The report covers climate change, pollution, and how to preserve natural resources. Correct: The report covers climate change, pollution, and natural resource preservation..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The painting features vibrant colors, interesting shapes, and it has a unique texture. Correct: The painting features vibrant colors, interesting shapes, and a unique texture..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The manager expects her team to be punctual, respectful, and that they should be motivated. Correct: The manager expects her team to be punctual, respectful, and motivated..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: She practices yoga, enjoys meditation, and to go running. Correct: She practices yoga, enjoys meditation, and goes running..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The course includes lectures, hands-on activities, and students will work on projects. Correct: The course includes lectures, hands-on activities, and project work..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: They plan to renovate the kitchen, paint the walls, and the carpet should be replaced. Correct: They plan to renovate the kitchen, paint the walls, and replace the carpet..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The event will feature live music, delicious food, and you can participate in games. Correct: The event will feature live music, delicious food, and games for participation..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: She is skilled in programming, data analysis, and to create visualizations. Correct: She is skilled in programming, data analysis, and creating visualizations..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The recipe calls for chopped onions, minced garlic, and you should add salt to taste. Correct: The recipe calls for chopped onions, minced garlic, and salt to taste..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The book discusses history, politics, and it provides cultural insights. Correct: The book discusses history, politics, and provides cultural insights..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The movie was funny, exciting, and it kept me engaged. Correct: The movie was funny, exciting, and engaging..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The athlete's training routine includes lifting weights, cardio exercises, and to stretch. Correct: The athlete's training routine includes lifting weights, cardio exercises, and stretching..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The store sells clothing, accessories, and they offer alterations. Correct: The store sells clothing, accessories, and offers alterations..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The program encourages team building, communication, and to solve problems creatively. Correct: The program encourages team building, communication, and creative problem-solving..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The exhibition showcases paintings, sculptures, and it presents photography. Correct: The exhibition showcases paintings, sculptures, and photography..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The garden has beautiful flowers, tall trees, and it's a peaceful place. Correct: The garden has beautiful flowers, tall trees, and a peaceful atmosphere..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The article examines the economy, social issues, and how to improve education. Correct: The article examines the economy, social issues, and educational improvement..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The band plays rock music, jazz, and they perform acoustic sets. Correct: The band plays rock music, jazz, and performs acoustic sets..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The smartphone features a large screen, powerful processor, and you can take great photos. Correct: The smartphone features a large screen, powerful processor, and great photo capabilities..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: She likes to dance, sing, and spending time with friends. Correct: She likes to dance, sing, and spend time with friends..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The workshop teaches writing skills, storytelling, and how to engage your audience. Correct: The workshop teaches writing skills, storytelling, and audience engagement..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The meeting will involve discussing the budget, reviewing goals, and to plan future events. Correct: The meeting will involve discussing the budget, reviewing goals, and planning future events..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The vacation package includes flights, accommodation, and you can enjoy guided tours. Correct: The vacation package includes flights, accommodation, and guided tours..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The artist uses paint, charcoal, and they create collages. Correct: The artist uses paint, charcoal, and creates collages..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The class covers grammar, vocabulary, and how to improve pronunciation. Correct: The class covers grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation improvement..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The store offers a wide selection, affordable prices, and the staff is helpful. Correct: The store offers a wide selection, affordable prices, and helpful staff..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The website features news articles, opinion pieces, and you can watch videos. Correct: The website features news articles, opinion pieces, and videos..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The company values innovation, collaboration, and to have a strong work ethic. Correct: The company values innovation, collaboration, and a strong work ethic..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The event included an opening ceremony, guest speakers, and it had an awards presentation. Correct: The event included an opening ceremony, guest speakers, and an awards presentation..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The concert was loud, energetic, and it was an unforgettable experience. Correct: The concert was loud, energetic, and unforgettable..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The new software is user-friendly, efficient, and it helps increase productivity. Correct: The new software is user-friendly, efficient, and increases productivity..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The house has a spacious living room, modern kitchen, and the backyard is big. Correct: The house has a spacious living room, modern kitchen, and a big backyard..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The seminar covers time management, goal setting, and to develop leadership skills. Correct: The seminar covers time management, goal setting, and leadership skill development..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The game requires strategy, quick thinking, and to work as a team. Correct: The game requires strategy, quick thinking, and teamwork..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The project involves data collection, analysis, and how to make recommendations. Correct: The project involves data collection, analysis, and recommendation making..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The training focuses on safety, proper technique, and you should build strength gradually. Correct: The training focuses on safety, proper technique, and gradual strength building..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The magazine features fashion, beauty tips, and it has celebrity interviews. Correct: The magazine features fashion, beauty tips, and celebrity interviews..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The building has a gym, swimming pool, and the rooftop offers great views. Correct: The building has a gym, swimming pool, and a rooftop with great views..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The party will have food, drinks, and to play games. Correct: The party will have food, drinks, and games to play..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The course teaches web design, coding, and you can build your portfolio. Correct: The course teaches web design, coding, and portfolio building..
Error Type: Parallelism Errors. Incorrect: The meeting agenda includes introductions, updates, and to discuss future plans. Correct: The meeting agenda includes introductions, updates, and future plan discussions..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Some of people like to play basketball. Correct: Some people like to play basketball..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Many of cars are electric nowadays. Correct: Many cars are electric nowadays..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Few of the students passed the exam. Correct: Few students passed the exam..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: I bought all of the apples in the store. Correct: I bought all the apples in the store..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Some of children enjoy playing soccer. Correct: Some children enjoy playing soccer..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Many of the books on this shelf are written by famous authors. Correct: Many books on this shelf are written by famous authors..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Few of dogs are well-trained. Correct: Few dogs are well-trained..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: All of the people in this room have smartphones. Correct: All the people in this room have smartphones..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Some of countries have strict visa requirements. Correct: Some countries have strict visa requirements..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Many of the plants in this garden are native to the region. Correct: Many plants in this garden are native to the region..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Few of scientists believe in the flat earth theory. Correct: Few scientists believe in the flat earth theory..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: All of the cookies you baked are delicious. Correct: All the cookies you baked are delicious..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Some of movies released this year are worth watching. Correct: Some movies released this year are worth watching..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Many of the buildings in this city are skyscrapers. Correct: Many buildings in this city are skyscrapers..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Few of the ingredients in this dish are spicy. Correct: Few ingredients in this dish are spicy..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: All of the computers in this lab are high-performance machines. Correct: All the computers in this lab are high-performance machines..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Some of the guests at the party were wearing costumes. Correct: Some guests at the party were wearing costumes..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Many of the software developers prefer using Linux. Correct: Many software developers prefer using Linux..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Few of the birds in this area are migratory. Correct: Few birds in this area are migratory..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: All of the paintings in this gallery are modern art. Correct: All the paintings in this gallery are modern art..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Some of the flights to Europe have layovers. Correct: Some flights to Europe have layovers..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Many of the hotels in this city are fully booked during the summer. Correct: Many hotels in this city are fully booked during the summer..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Few of the employees in this company have worked here for over 20 years. Correct: Few employees in this company have worked here for over 20 years..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: All of the courses offered at this university are accredited. Correct: All the courses offered at this university are accredited..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Some of the video games released in the past decade have become classics. Correct: Some video games released in the past decade have become classics..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Many of the songs on this album are catchy. Correct: Many songs on this album are catchy..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Few of the participants in the race finished within the time limit. Correct: Few participants in the race finished within the time limit..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: All of the trees in this park are native species. Correct: All the trees in this park are native species..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Some of the dishes on this menu are vegetarian. Correct: Some dishes on this menu are vegetarian..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Many of the animals in this zoo are endangered. Correct: Many animals in this zoo are endangered..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Few of the politicians in this country are honest. Correct: Few politicians in this country are honest..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: All of the students in this class are attentive. Correct: All the students in this class are attentive..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Some of the furniture in this store is made of high-quality wood. Correct: Some furniture in this store is made of high-quality wood..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Many of the exercises in this workout routine are challenging. Correct: Many exercises in this workout routine are challenging..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Few of the products in this store are made from sustainable materials. Correct: Few products in this store are made from sustainable materials..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: All of the houses in this neighborhood are well-maintained. Correct: All the houses in this neighborhood are well-maintained..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Some of the people on this team are experienced professionals. Correct: Some people on this team are experienced professionals..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Many of the items on this list are essential for a camping trip. Correct: Many items on this list are essential for a camping trip..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Few of the tools in this toolbox are rusty. Correct: Few tools in this toolbox are rusty..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: All of the flowers in this garden are perennials. Correct: All the flowers in this garden are perennials..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Some of the members of this club are talented musicians. Correct: Some members of this club are talented musicians..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Many of the snacks in this vending machine are unhealthy. Correct: Many snacks in this vending machine are unhealthy..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Few of the questions on this quiz are difficult. Correct: Few questions on this quiz are difficult..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: All of the phones in this store are the latest models. Correct: All the phones in this store are the latest models..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Some of the articles in this magazine are informative. Correct: Some articles in this magazine are informative..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Many of the movies on this streaming platform are critically acclaimed. Correct: Many movies on this streaming platform are critically acclaimed..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: Few of the people in this town have ever seen snow. Correct: Few people in this town have ever seen snow..
Error Type: Quantifier Errors. Incorrect: All of the clothes in this shop are on sale. Correct: All the clothes in this shop are on sale..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: I need to repeat again what I said earlier. Correct: I need to repeat what I said earlier..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: She always over-exaggerates her problems all the time. Correct: She always exaggerates her problems..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: Please RSVP as soon as possible. Correct: Please RSVP..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The final outcome will be the ultimate result. Correct: The outcome will be the final result..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The reason why he's successful is because he works hard. Correct: He's successful because he works hard..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: This is an unexpected surprise for me. Correct: This is a surprise for me..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The period of time when dinosaurs existed was long ago. Correct: The time when dinosaurs existed was long ago..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: In my personal opinion, I believe that we should take action. Correct: In my opinion, we should take action..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: They combined together their resources to achieve their goal. Correct: They combined their resources to achieve their goal..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The pizza is divided into individual slices for each person. Correct: The pizza is divided into slices for each person..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: He was very honest and truthful when he spoke. Correct: He was very honest when he spoke..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: I am absolutely certain and sure about my decision. Correct: I am absolutely certain about my decision..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The reason for the delay is due to the weather. Correct: The delay is due to the weather..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The meeting was held at 3 PM in the afternoon. Correct: The meeting was held at 3 PM..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: She is a female woman who works as a nurse. Correct: She is a woman who works as a nurse..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The baby kitten is so small and tiny. Correct: The baby kitten is so small..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The end result of the project was very successful. Correct: The result of the project was very successful..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The new innovation in technology has made our lives easier. Correct: The innovation in technology has made our lives easier..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: He asked me a question and then repeated it again. Correct: He asked me a question and then repeated it..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: They both met each other at the same time. Correct: They met each other at the same time..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The student was very enthusiastic and eager to learn. Correct: The student was very enthusiastic to learn..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The exact same thing happened to me last week. Correct: The same thing happened to me last week..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The manager carefully analyzed and examined the report. Correct: The manager carefully analyzed the report..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: I have already previously mentioned this issue. Correct: I have already mentioned this issue..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The computer software program is quite complex. Correct: The computer software is quite complex..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: He made a summary and a brief overview of the meeting. Correct: He made a summary of the meeting..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The weather outside is cold and chilly today. Correct: The weather outside is cold today..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: I will return back to the office after lunch. Correct: I will return to the office after lunch..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: There are various different ways to approach this problem. Correct: There are various ways to approach this problem..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: She spoke very quietly and softly during her presentation. Correct: She spoke very quietly during her presentation..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: He is tall in height and has brown hair. Correct: He is tall and has brown hair..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The final conclusion of the experiment was conclusive. Correct: The conclusion of the experiment was conclusive..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: This is a true fact that cannot be disputed. Correct: This is a fact that cannot be disputed..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The CEO presented a brief summary and a concise overview. Correct: The CEO presented a brief summary..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: He was completely devastated and heartbroken. Correct: He was completely devastated..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: She was angry and furious at the situation. Correct: She was furious at the situation..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The store sells various different kinds of fruits and vegetables. Correct: The store sells various kinds of fruits and vegetables..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: He climbed up to the top of the mountain peak. Correct: He climbed to the top of the mountain peak..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The small little puppy was playing in the yard. Correct: The small puppy was playing in the yard..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The book provides a comprehensive overview and a complete summary. Correct: The book provides a comprehensive overview..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The movie was very funny and humorous. Correct: The movie was very funny..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The criminal was found guilty and convicted of the crime. Correct: The criminal was found guilty of the crime..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The room was completely empty and vacant. Correct: The room was completely empty..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The painting is an original copy of the famous artist's work. Correct: The painting is an original work of the famous artist..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The temperature dropped suddenly and abruptly. Correct: The temperature dropped suddenly..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The restaurant serves a wide variety of different dishes. Correct: The restaurant serves a wide variety of dishes..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The car accident happened at 7 PM in the evening. Correct: The car accident happened at 7 PM..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: He is a young boy of 10 years old. Correct: He is a 10-year-old boy..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The teacher was very patient and understanding with the students. Correct: The teacher was very patient with the students..
Error Type: Tautology. Incorrect: The new employee is very competent and capable. Correct: The new employee is very competent..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: Yo, how's it hangin'? I need to know the time of the meeting. Correct: Hello, how are you? I need to know the time of the meeting..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: Kindly provide me with the burger, fries, and a coke, please. Correct: Can I have a burger, fries, and a coke, please?.
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The process consists of mixin' the ingredients and bakin' the cake. Correct: The process consists of mixing the ingredients and baking the cake..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The doctor said, "You gotta take this medicine twice a day." Correct: The doctor said, "You must take this medicine twice a day.".
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The manager requested that John submits his report ASAP. Correct: The manager requested that John submit his report as soon as possible..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: I'm sorry to inform you that the event's been canceled due to unforeseen circumstances. Correct: I regret to inform you that the event has been canceled due to unforeseen circumstances..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: Could you gimme a hand with this heavy box? Correct: Could you give me a hand with this heavy box?.
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: In conclusion, the experiment's results were totes inconclusive. Correct: In conclusion, the experiment's results were entirely inconclusive..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: You shoulda been more careful while handling the equipment. Correct: You should have been more careful while handling the equipment..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The candidate has demonstrated exceptional skills in leadership and teamwork, ya know. Correct: The candidate has demonstrated exceptional skills in leadership and teamwork..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: Please refrain from using slang and abbrevs in your writing. Correct: Please refrain from using slang and abbreviations in your writing..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The dude was caught red-handed stealin' company property. Correct: The individual was caught red-handed stealing company property..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The venue is awesome, and the food is delish. Correct: The venue is excellent, and the food is delicious..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: Kindly refrain from makin' noise during the presentation. Correct: Please refrain from making noise during the presentation..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: What's the main purpose of this sophisticated machine? Correct: What is the primary purpose of this sophisticated machine?.
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: I ain't got no idea about how this happened. Correct: I have no idea how this happened..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The research paper needs some more work, I reckon. Correct: I believe the research paper requires further work..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: Lemme know if you need any assistance with the project. Correct: Let me know if you need any assistance with the project..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The company's sales have increased by 20% since last year, which is pretty dope. Correct: The company's sales have increased by 20% since last year, which is quite impressive..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The new intern is a quick learner and always keen on helpin' others. Correct: The new intern is a quick learner and always eager to help others..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The concert was lit, and the crowd went wild. Correct: The concert was outstanding, and the crowd went wild..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The board members agreed that the proposed plan was legit. Correct: The board members agreed that the proposed plan was legitimate..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The experiment's objective was to determine how temperature affects the speed of sound, ya know. Correct: The experiment's objective was to determine how temperature affects the speed of sound..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The CEO urged the employees to be more proactive and step up their game. Correct: The CEO urged the employees to be more proactive and improve their performance..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The artist's work is a mixture of tradition and modernity, which is super cool. Correct: The artist's work is a mixture of tradition and modernity, which is quite impressive..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The athletes have been trainin' hard for the upcoming competition. Correct: The athletes have been training hard for the upcoming competition..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The new regulations will help in reducin' pollution and conservin' natural resources. Correct: The new regulations will help in reducing pollution and conserving natural resources..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The new software update's gonna fix the bugs and improve performance. Correct: The new software update will fix the bugs and improve performance..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The teacher asked the students to be quiet and pay attention, y'all. Correct: The teacher asked the students to be quiet and pay attention..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The politician's speech was full of empty promises and a bunch of baloney. Correct: The politician's speech was full of empty promises and insincerity..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The movie was so amazeballs that I watched it twice. Correct: The movie was so amazing that I watched it twice..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The company is workin' on developin' eco-friendly products. Correct: The company is working on developing eco-friendly products..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The book is an in-depth analysis of human behavior, which is kinda interesting. Correct: The book is an in-depth analysis of human behavior, which is quite interesting..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The government is focused on improvin' public services and infrastructure. Correct: The government is focused on improving public services and infrastructure..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The employee's complaint was about unfair treatment and a toxic work environment, man. Correct: The employee's complaint was about unfair treatment and a toxic work environment..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The concert tickets are pricey, but the experience will be worth it, trust me. Correct: The concert tickets are expensive, but the experience will be worth it..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The team's performance was subpar, and they need to get their act together. Correct: The team's performance was below average, and they need to improve..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The new employee handbook contains important info 'bout company policies and procedures. Correct: The new employee handbook contains important information about company policies and procedures..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The goal of the project is to create an intuitive and user-friendly interface, ya know. Correct: The goal of the project is to create an intuitive and user-friendly interface..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The scientific community is workin' on finding a cure for the disease. Correct: The scientific community is working on finding a cure for the disease..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The artwork displayed at the exhibition was simply breathtakin'. Correct: The artwork displayed at the exhibition was simply breathtaking..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The committee is responsible for organizin' the event and managin' the budget. Correct: The committee is responsible for organizing the event and managing the budget..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The new restaurant offers a wide variety of dishes, and the ambiance is pretty chill. Correct: The new restaurant offers a wide variety of dishes, and the ambiance is quite relaxed..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The study aims to investigate the long-term effects of sleep deprivation on mental health, ya know. Correct: The study aims to investigate the long-term effects of sleep deprivation on mental health..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The conference is an opportunity for professionals to network and exchange ideas, dude. Correct: The conference is an opportunity for professionals to network and exchange ideas..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The company's mission is to make a positive impact on society by providin' quality products and services. Correct: The company's mission is to make a positive impact on society by providing quality products and services..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The construction project is behind schedule, and the contractor needs to get his act together. Correct: The construction project is behind schedule, and the contractor needs to improve his performance..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The manager encouraged the employees to think outside the box and come up with innovative ideas, y'all. Correct: The manager encouraged the employees to think outside the box and come up with innovative ideas..
Error Type: Inappropriate Register. Incorrect: The novel explores complex themes and presents a unique perspective on human relationships, which is super intriguing. Correct: The novel explores complex themes and presents a unique perspective on human relationships, which is quite intriguing..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: She go store buy bread. Correct: She went to the store to buy bread..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: He fastly ran the race. Correct: He ran the race quickly..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: They was late for meeting. Correct: They were late for the meeting..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: I seen a movie last night. Correct: I saw a movie last night..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The books is on the desk. Correct: The books are on the desk..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: She don't like coffee. Correct: She doesn't like coffee..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The dog chased it's tail. Correct: The dog chased its tail..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: He has went to the store. Correct: He has gone to the store..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: Their going to the concert. Correct: They're going to the concert..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The cat had ran away. Correct: The cat had run away..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The car needs washed. Correct: The car needs to be washed..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: My friend they play basketball. Correct: My friends play basketball..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: He be at the party tonight. Correct: He will be at the party tonight..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The cake need more sugar. Correct: The cake needs more sugar..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: She was very tired, however she couldn't sleep. Correct: She was very tired; however, she couldn't sleep..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: I'm going to the store and then to the bank, grocery shopping, and picking up the kids. Correct: I'm going to the store, then to the bank, grocery shopping, and picking up the kids..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The boys wants to play soccer. Correct: The boys want to play soccer..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: She must of forgotten her keys. Correct: She must have forgotten her keys..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The dog layed on the floor. Correct: The dog lay on the floor..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: He could of been a great leader. Correct: He could have been a great leader..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The computer is slow I need a new one. Correct: The computer is slow; I need a new one..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The plane it's leaving in two hours. Correct: The plane is leaving in two hours..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: Me and her went to the movies. Correct: She and I went to the movies..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: I should of studied harder. Correct: I should have studied harder..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The concert was very loud it hurt my ears. Correct: The concert was very loud; it hurt my ears..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: She didn't want to go but she went anyways. Correct: She didn't want to go, but she went anyway..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: He needs learn to cook. Correct: He needs to learn to cook..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: I wants to see the new movie. Correct: I want to see the new movie..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The cat hid under the table because the dog barked. Correct: The cat hid under the table because the dog was barking..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The childrens went to the park. Correct: The children went to the park..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The girl hair was long and curly. Correct: The girl's hair was long and curly..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: He plays guitar good. Correct: He plays the guitar well..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: She's been to Paris last year. Correct: She went to Paris last year..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The man who dropped his wallet I returned it to him. Correct: I returned the wallet to the man who dropped it..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The cake is needing more time to bake. Correct: The cake needs more time to bake..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: He asked can I go to the store? Correct: He asked, "Can I go to the store?".
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: She very tired after work. Correct: She was very tired after work..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: They didn't seen the sign. Correct: They didn't see the sign..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The car was drove by him. Correct: The car was driven by him..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The child was ate the candy. Correct: The child ate the candy..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The trees was cut down. Correct: The trees were cut down..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: I'm excited for going on vacation. Correct: I'm excited about going on vacation..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: He doesn't wants to eat. Correct: He doesn't want to eat..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The girl draw a picture. Correct: The girl drew a picture..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: She has ran three miles. Correct: She has run three miles..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The book that I found it was interesting. Correct: The book that I found was interesting..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The sun shines to bright. Correct: The sun shines too bright..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The boy broke him arm. Correct: The boy broke his arm..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: She don't know how to swim. Correct: She doesn't know how to swim..
Error Type: Ambiguity. Incorrect: The dog chases it's tail. Correct: The dog chases its tail..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If I had a car, I will go on a road trip. Correct: If I had a car, I would go on a road trip..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If he will finish his work, he could have gone to the party. Correct: If he had finished his work, he could have gone to the party..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If she was here, I am going to ask for her help. Correct: If she were here, I would ask for her help..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If it rains tomorrow, we would have stayed indoors. Correct: If it rains tomorrow, we will stay indoors..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: I would have called you if I knew your number. Correct: I would have called you if I had known your number..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If you eat too much, you might have felt sick. Correct: If you eat too much, you might feel sick..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If he studied harder, he will pass the exam. Correct: If he studied harder, he would pass the exam..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: He could have bought the house if he has enough money. Correct: He could have bought the house if he had enough money..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If I was the president, I am going to change the law. Correct: If I were the president, I would change the law..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If they went to the store, they will buy some groceries. Correct: If they went to the store, they would buy some groceries..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If I knew his address, I will send him a letter. Correct: If I knew his address, I would send him a letter..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If she practiced more, she could have won the competition. Correct: If she had practiced more, she could have won the competition..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If it's sunny outside, we would go to the beach. Correct: If it's sunny outside, we will go to the beach..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If you had told me, I am going to help you. Correct: If you had told me, I would have helped you..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If the weather was better, we will go for a walk. Correct: If the weather were better, we would go for a walk..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If I met him yesterday, I will tell him the news. Correct: If I had met him yesterday, I would have told him the news..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: She might have come if you will invite her. Correct: She might have come if you had invited her..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If they get a new job, they could have moved to another city. Correct: If they got a new job, they could move to another city..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If I will have more time, I would have exercised more. Correct: If I had more time, I would exercise more..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If you paid attention, you will understand the problem. Correct: If you paid attention, you would understand the problem..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If he will stop smoking, his health would improve. Correct: If he stopped smoking, his health would improve..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If she cooked dinner, we would have eaten at home. Correct: If she had cooked dinner, we would have eaten at home..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If I will see him, I would give him your message. Correct: If I saw him, I would give him your message..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If the movie was better, I will recommend it to you. Correct: If the movie were better, I would recommend it to you..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If I won the lottery, I could have traveled the world. Correct: If I won the lottery, I could travel the world..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If it was warmer, we will go swimming. Correct: If it were warmer, we would go swimming..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If he will not be so stubborn, we could have reached a compromise. Correct: If he were not so stubborn, we could have reached a compromise..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If you will read the instructions, you would know what to do. Correct: If you read the instructions, you would know what to do..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If the bus was on time, I will not be late. Correct: If the bus were on time, I would not be late..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If she will be more organized, she could have finished the project. Correct: If she were more organized, she could finish the project..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If I will know the answer, I would tell you. Correct: If I knew the answer, I would tell you..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If we went to bed earlier, we would have felt more rested. Correct: If we had gone to bed earlier, we would have felt more rested..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If they will listen to me, we wouldn't be lost. Correct: If they listened to me, we wouldn't be lost..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If I had the time machine, I am going to visit ancient Rome. Correct: If I had a time machine, I would visit ancient Rome..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If he will apologize, she might have forgiven him. Correct: If he apologized, she might forgive him..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If the weather is bad, we would have canceled the picnic. Correct: If the weather were bad, we would cancel the picnic..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If you went to the party, you will meet new people. Correct: If you went to the party, you would meet new people..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If she will take the medicine, she would have felt better. Correct: If she took the medicine, she would feel better..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If I will be there, I would help you with your work. Correct: If I were there, I would help you with your work..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If they will not argue, they could have solved the problem. Correct: If they did not argue, they could solve the problem..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If you will finish your homework, you can watch TV. Correct: If you finish your homework, you can watch TV..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If she will be more patient, she could have taught the class. Correct: If she were more patient, she could teach the class..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If it will snow, we would have a snowball fight. Correct: If it snowed, we would have a snowball fight..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If I will learn Spanish, I would go to Spain. Correct: If I learned Spanish, I would go to Spain..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If he will eat healthier, he would have lost weight. Correct: If he ate healthier, he would lose weight..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If they will arrive earlier, they could have helped us. Correct: If they arrived earlier, they could help us..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If she will not be so shy, she would make more friends. Correct: If she were not so shy, she would make more friends..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If you will not be so busy, we could have met for lunch. Correct: If you were not so busy, we could meet for lunch..
Error Type: Mixed Conditionals. Incorrect: If I had the power, I will change the world. Correct: If I had the power, I would change the world..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: Apples are more better than oranges. Correct: Apples are better than oranges..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: She is taller than her brother, but not as much as her sister. Correct: She is taller than her brother, but not as tall as her sister..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: Smartphones are becoming more smarter. Correct: Smartphones are becoming smarter..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: My cat is more faster than your dog. Correct: My cat is faster than your dog..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The movie was more worse than the book. Correct: The movie was worse than the book..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: John is a better cook than a musician Sam. Correct: John is a better cook than Sam is a musician..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The city is more crowded than the countryside, but less than the beach. Correct: The city is more crowded than the countryside, but less crowded than the beach..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The meal was more tastier than what I expected. Correct: The meal was tastier than what I expected..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: It's more colder in Canada than it is in California. Correct: It's colder in Canada than it is in California..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: This computer is more expensive than the other, but less than the newest model. Correct: This computer is more expensive than the other, but less expensive than the newest model..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The water is more deeper here than over there. Correct: The water is deeper here than over there..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: She's more happier when she's with her friends. Correct: She's happier when she's with her friends..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: This game is more easier than the last one. Correct: This game is easier than the last one..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The new model is more lighter than the previous one. Correct: The new model is lighter than the previous one..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The dress is less prettier than the one she wore yesterday. Correct: The dress is less pretty than the one she wore yesterday..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: This software is less user-friendly than the last version, but more than the competitor's. Correct: This software is less user-friendly than the last version, but more user-friendly than the competitor's..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The car is more safer than a motorcycle. Correct: The car is safer than a motorcycle..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The old house is less bigger than the new one. Correct: The old house is smaller than the new one..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: My coffee is more hotter than yours. Correct: My coffee is hotter than yours..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The meeting was less longer than I anticipated. Correct: The meeting was shorter than I anticipated..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The concert was more louder than I expected. Correct: The concert was louder than I expected..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The book is less interesting than the movie, but more than the play. Correct: The book is less interesting than the movie, but more interesting than the play..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The weather is more warmer in the south. Correct: The weather is warmer in the south..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: This restaurant is less expensive than that one, but more than the other. Correct: This restaurant is less expensive than that one, but more expensive than the other..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The journey is more longer by train than by car. Correct: The journey is longer by train than by car..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The TV show is less funnier than the original. Correct: The TV show is less funny than the original..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: This chocolate is more sweeter than the other one. Correct: This chocolate is sweeter than the other one..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The exam was less harder than I thought. Correct: The exam was easier than I thought..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: He is more lazier than his brother. Correct: He is lazier than his brother..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The new manager is less stricter than the old one. Correct: The new manager is less strict than the old one..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: My new phone is more thinner than my old one. Correct: My new phone is thinner than my old one..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The beach is more cleaner than the lake. Correct: The beach is cleaner than the lake..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The student is more smarter than the teacher. Correct: The student is smarter than the teacher..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The party was less exciting than the concert, but more than the movie. Correct: The party was less exciting than the concert, but more exciting than the movie..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The new employee is more punctual than the old one. Correct: The new employee is more punctual than the old one..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: Her singing is less better than her dancing. Correct: Her singing is not as good as her dancing..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The hotel room is more smaller than I expected. Correct: The hotel room is smaller than I expected..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The bicycle is more cheaper than the car. Correct: The bicycle is cheaper than the car..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The soup is more saltier than the salad. Correct: The soup is saltier than the salad..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The presentation was more boring than the lecture. Correct: The presentation was more boring than the lecture..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The weather is less hotter today than yesterday. Correct: The weather is cooler today than yesterday..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: His jokes are more funnier than hers. Correct: His jokes are funnier than hers..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The mountain is more higher than the hill. Correct: The mountain is higher than the hill..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The new software is more complicated than the previous version, but less than the competitor's. Correct: The new software is more complicated than the previous version, but less complicated than the competitor's..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: Her dress is more elegant than my dress, but less than yours. Correct: Her dress is more elegant than my dress, but less elegant than yours..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The cake is more delicious than the pie, but less than the ice cream. Correct: The cake is more delicious than the pie, but less delicious than the ice cream..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The train is more faster than the bus. Correct: The train is faster than the bus..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: The flowers are more beautiful than the plants, but less than the trees. Correct: The flowers are more beautiful than the plants, but less beautiful than the trees..
Error Type: Faulty Comparisons. Incorrect: His writing is more worse than his speaking. Correct: His writing is worse than his speaking..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: How you is doing today? Correct: How are you doing today?.
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: She don't know the answer to the question. Correct: She doesn't know the answer to the question..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: I am not can swim in the pool. Correct: I cannot swim in the pool..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: Does he has a new car? Correct: Does he have a new car?.
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: It are important to wash your hands regularly. Correct: It is important to wash your hands regularly..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: He were at the party last night. Correct: He was at the party last night..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: They was planning to go on a trip. Correct: They were planning to go on a trip..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: She am studying for her exams. Correct: She is studying for her exams..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: I have been not feeling well lately. Correct: I have not been feeling well lately..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: She are going to the store for groceries. Correct: She is going to the store for groceries..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The book do not belong to me. Correct: The book does not belong to me..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The computer be not working properly. Correct: The computer is not working properly..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: I did not went to the concert last weekend. Correct: I did not go to the concert last weekend..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The cat has eaten it food. Correct: The cat has eaten its food..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: She do her homework every day. Correct: She does her homework every day..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: He have a meeting at 10 o'clock. Correct: He has a meeting at 10 o'clock..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: I wants to learn how to play the guitar. Correct: I want to learn how to play the guitar..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The dog was chasing it tail. Correct: The dog was chasing its tail..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The cake needs to be baking for 30 minutes. Correct: The cake needs to be baked for 30 minutes..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The flowers is growing in the garden. Correct: The flowers are growing in the garden..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: I do not likes to eat vegetables. Correct: I do not like to eat vegetables..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: She are a great dancer. Correct: She is a great dancer..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The book it's on the shelf. Correct: The book is on the shelf..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: They does not understand the assignment. Correct: They do not understand the assignment..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The phone was ringing, but no one are answering. Correct: The phone was ringing, but no one was answering..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The sun are shining brightly today. Correct: The sun is shining brightly today..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: He have a collection of rare coins. Correct: He has a collection of rare coins..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The team has not been practice enough. Correct: The team has not been practicing enough..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The city's population be growing rapidly. Correct: The city's population is growing rapidly..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: She does not has any siblings. Correct: She does not have any siblings..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The movie am starting in five minutes. Correct: The movie is starting in five minutes..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The car it's parked in the driveway. Correct: The car is parked in the driveway..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: She don't like to watch horror movies. Correct: She doesn't like to watch horror movies..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The company be launching a new product. Correct: The company is launching a new product..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The flowers has bloomed in the spring. Correct: The flowers bloom in the spring..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: He do not want to go to the dentist. Correct: He does not want to go to the dentist..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The students has to complete their assignments. Correct: The students have to complete their assignments..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The cake are ready to be served. Correct: The cake is ready to be served..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: I did not seen him at the party. Correct: I did not see him at the party..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The birds is flying south for the winter. Correct: The birds are flying south for the winter..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: She am not interested in politics. Correct: She is not interested in politics..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The store have a sale on electronics. Correct: The store has a sale on electronics..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: He were helping his friend move furniture. Correct: He was helping his friend move furniture..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The children do their chores every day. Correct: The children do their chores every day..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The temperature have dropped below freezing. Correct: The temperature has dropped below freezing..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: I does not know how to solve this problem. Correct: I do not know how to solve this problem..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The rain was falling heavily, but it are stopping now. Correct: The rain was falling heavily, but it is stopping now..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The car it's making a strange noise. Correct: The car is making a strange noise..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: The plants needs to be watered every day. Correct: The plants need to be watered every day..
Error Type: Incorrect Auxiliaries. Incorrect: She has not been studying for her test, so she are unprepared. Correct: She has not been studying for her test, so she is unprepared..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I don't know nothing about cars. Correct: I don't know anything about cars..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: She didn't never visit the museum. Correct: She never visited the museum..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: He can't play no instruments. Correct: He can't play any instruments..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I didn't see nobody at the party. Correct: I didn't see anybody at the party..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: There isn't no reason to worry. Correct: There is no reason to worry..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: He didn't have no time to study. Correct: He didn't have any time to study..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: They haven't never been to Italy. Correct: They have never been to Italy..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: She can't find her keys nowhere. Correct: She can't find her keys anywhere..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I won't do nothing to help him. Correct: I won't do anything to help him..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: There weren't no snacks at the event. Correct: There were no snacks at the event..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I haven't got no money to spend. Correct: I haven't got any money to spend..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: She didn't buy none of the books. Correct: She didn't buy any of the books..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: You can't eat no ice cream before dinner. Correct: You can't eat any ice cream before dinner..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I couldn't find no information on the topic. Correct: I couldn't find any information on the topic..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: They don't have no pets at home. Correct: They don't have any pets at home..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: He hasn't read not a single book. Correct: He hasn't read a single book..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I won't tell nobody your secret. Correct: I won't tell anybody your secret..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: They didn't make no progress on the project. Correct: They didn't make any progress on the project..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I don't want nothing for my birthday. Correct: I don't want anything for my birthday..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: She didn't learn nothing from the course. Correct: She didn't learn anything from the course..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: He doesn't like no vegetables. Correct: He doesn't like any vegetables..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I didn't find no errors in the report. Correct: I didn't find any errors in the report..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: They don't have no plans for the weekend. Correct: They don't have any plans for the weekend..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: She can't wear no jewelry at work. Correct: She can't wear any jewelry at work..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: He didn't write no emails today. Correct: He didn't write any emails today..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I won't listen to no more excuses. Correct: I won't listen to any more excuses..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: They didn't find no evidence at the crime scene. Correct: They didn't find any evidence at the crime scene..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: She doesn't like no movies with violence. Correct: She doesn't like any movies with violence..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I didn't hear nothing from her. Correct: I didn't hear anything from her..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: There isn't no milk in the fridge. Correct: There is no milk in the fridge..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: He can't drink no alcohol tonight. Correct: He can't drink any alcohol tonight..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I won't accept no apologies. Correct: I won't accept any apologies..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: She didn't give no explanation. Correct: She didn't give any explanation..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: They don't know nothing about the new policy. Correct: They don't know anything about the new policy..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: He didn't eat no breakfast this morning. Correct: He didn't eat any breakfast this morning..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I can't find no solutions to this problem. Correct: I can't find any solutions to this problem..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: They didn't hire no new employees. Correct: They didn't hire any new employees..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: She doesn't want no dessert. Correct: She doesn't want any dessert..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I didn't take no pictures on my trip. Correct: I didn't take any pictures on my trip..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: He doesn't have no siblings. Correct: He doesn't have any siblings..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I won't watch no more TV tonight. Correct: I won't watch any more TV tonight..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: They didn't pack no extra clothes. Correct: They didn't pack any extra clothes..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: She doesn't own no fancy clothes. Correct: She doesn't own any fancy clothes..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I didn't meet no interesting people at the conference. Correct: I didn't meet any interesting people at the conference..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: He doesn't read no newspapers. Correct: He doesn't read any newspapers..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I can't remember no passwords. Correct: I can't remember any passwords..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: They don't take no vacations. Correct: They don't take any vacations..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: She didn't speak no foreign languages. Correct: She didn't speak any foreign languages..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: I haven't received no packages. Correct: I haven't received any packages..
Error Type: Negation Errors. Incorrect: He can't lift no heavy weights. Correct: He can't lift any heavy weights..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: I went to the store... bought milk. Correct: I went to the store and bought milk..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: She was so tired... couldn't keep her eyes open. Correct: She was so tired that she couldn't keep her eyes open..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: Can't believe... leaving so soon. Correct: I can't believe you're leaving so soon..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The car is available in three colors... red, blue, and green. Correct: The car is available in three colors: red, blue, and green..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The movie was great... best I've seen in a while. Correct: The movie was great; it's the best I've seen in a while..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: ...is not the way to handle this problem. Correct: That is not the way to handle this problem..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: ...think we should take a break. Correct: I think we should take a break..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The cake was delicious... ate too much. Correct: The cake was delicious, but I ate too much..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: He's a doctor... also a talented musician. Correct: He's a doctor and also a talented musician..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: She loves to travel... visited over 20 countries. Correct: She loves to travel and has visited over 20 countries..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: My favorite ice cream flavors are... chocolate and vanilla. Correct: My favorite ice cream flavors are chocolate and vanilla..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The team worked hard... completed the project on time. Correct: The team worked hard and completed the project on time..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The city is beautiful... especially in the spring. Correct: The city is beautiful, especially in the spring..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: I enjoy reading books... history and science fiction. Correct: I enjoy reading books about history and science fiction..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The restaurant was packed... had to wait for a table. Correct: The restaurant was packed, so we had to wait for a table..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The weather was terrible... flight got delayed. Correct: The weather was terrible, and our flight got delayed..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: Didn't expect... see you here. Correct: I didn't expect to see you here..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The game was intense... went into overtime. Correct: The game was intense and went into overtime..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: I tried calling her... didn't answer the phone. Correct: I tried calling her, but she didn't answer the phone..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The concert was amazing... loved every minute of it. Correct: The concert was amazing, and I loved every minute of it..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: He studied for weeks... failed the exam. Correct: He studied for weeks but still failed the exam..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The new software is easy to use... efficient. Correct: The new software is easy to use and efficient..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The meeting went well... discussed important topics. Correct: The meeting went well because we discussed important topics..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: She's allergic to peanuts... has to be careful. Correct: She's allergic to peanuts, so she has to be careful..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The book is long... very interesting. Correct: The book is long but very interesting..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The food was delicious... took a long time to arrive. Correct: The food was delicious, but it took a long time to arrive..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: I love coffee... only drink it in the morning. Correct: I love coffee, but I only drink it in the morning..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The new policy is unpopular... likely to change. Correct: The new policy is unpopular and is likely to change..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The house was beautiful... needed a lot of work. Correct: The house was beautiful, but it needed a lot of work..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: It's a beautiful day... let's go for a walk. Correct: It's a beautiful day, so let's go for a walk..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The test was difficult... managed to pass. Correct: The test was difficult, but I managed to pass..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The dog was friendly... barked loudly. Correct: The dog was friendly, but it barked loudly..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The presentation was informative... a bit boring. Correct: The presentation was informative, but it was a bit boring..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The interview went well... got the job. Correct: The interview went well, and I got the job..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The recipe is simple... requires few ingredients. Correct: The recipe is simple and requires few ingredients..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: He's a great actor... not in many movies. Correct: He's a great actor, but he's not in many movies..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The weather is nice... perfect for a picnic. Correct: The weather is nice, making it perfect for a picnic..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The beach was crowded... had a great time. Correct: The beach was crowded, but we still had a great time..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The food was spicy... enjoyed it. Correct: The food was spicy, but I enjoyed it..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The project is challenging... making good progress. Correct: The project is challenging, but we're making good progress..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The hotel is luxurious... expensive. Correct: The hotel is luxurious but expensive..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The deadline is tight... confident we'll finish on time. Correct: The deadline is tight, but I'm confident we'll finish on time..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The phone is old... still works well. Correct: The phone is old, but it still works well..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: It's a long drive... worth the trip. Correct: It's a long drive, but it's worth the trip..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The garden is beautiful... requires a lot of maintenance. Correct: The garden is beautiful, but it requires a lot of maintenance..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The store was closed... managed to find what I needed online. Correct: The store was closed, but I managed to find what I needed online..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: She's a great cook... doesn't like to bake. Correct: She's a great cook, but she doesn't like to bake..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: I'm tired... need to finish this work. Correct: I'm tired, but I need to finish this work..
Error Type: Ellipsis Errors. Incorrect: The view was amazing... hard to reach the top. Correct: The view was amazing, but it was hard to reach the top..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 1. Ain't no way I'm going to that party. Correct: 1. There's no way I'm going to that party..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 2. Imma gonna pick up some grub, ya hungry? Correct: 2. I'm going to pick up some food, are you hungry?.
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 3. She don't know nothing about them computers. Correct: 3. She doesn't know anything about those computers..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 4. We was walking to the store when it started raining. Correct: 4. We were walking to the store when it started raining..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 5. Me and him went to the movies last night. Correct: 5. He and I went to the movies last night..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 6. Could you gimme some advice on this essay? Correct: 6. Could you give me some advice on this essay?.
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 7. You better not be late to the meeting, or else. Correct: 7. You should not be late to the meeting, or there will be consequences..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 8. The CPU's got 16 cores, which ain't bad. Correct: 8. The CPU has 16 cores, which isn't bad..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 9. He's a big ol' boy, ain't he? Correct: 9. He's a big boy, isn't he?.
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 10. Lemme know when you're ready to leave. Correct: 10. Let me know when you're ready to leave..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 11. I dunno where the keys are. Correct: 11. I don't know where the keys are..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 12. You got any idea how to fix this? Correct: 12. Do you have any idea how to fix this?.
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 13. The new hire's a real whiz kid in Python coding. Correct: 13. The new hire is highly skilled in Python programming..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 14. My cellphone's battery is at 5%, I gotta charge it. Correct: 14. My cellphone's battery is at 5%, I need to charge it..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 15. She's the kinda person who's always late. Correct: 15. She's the type of person who's always late..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 16. They be doing the most to impress the boss. Correct: 16. They are always going above and beyond to impress the boss..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 17. The photog took some great snaps at the wedding. Correct: 17. The photographer took some great photos at the wedding..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 18. You oughta try this new sushi place. Correct: 18. You should try this new sushi place..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 19. The app's UX is kinda clunky, if you ask me. Correct: 19. The app's user experience is somewhat clunky, in my opinion..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 20. He's gonna need a new hard drive for his comp. Correct: 20. He's going to need a new hard drive for his computer..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 21. Can't you just chill for a sec? Correct: 21. Can't you just relax for a moment?.
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 22. The client's server got a DDoS attack last night. Correct: 22. The client's server experienced a distributed denial-of-service attack last night..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 23. The company's CEO is a real hardass. Correct: 23. The company's CEO is very strict..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 24. I dunno if I can make it to the party tonight. Correct: 24. I don't know if I can make it to the party tonight..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 25. They're gonna demo their new product at the expo. Correct: 25. They're going to demonstrate their new product at the expo..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 26. You wanna grab some dinner later? Correct: 26. Do you want to have dinner later?.
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 27. The plumber had to fix the busted pipe. Correct: 27. The plumber had to repair the broken pipe..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 28. I gotta get this report done by tomorrow. Correct: 28. I have to finish this report by tomorrow..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 29. That rollercoaster was hella fun! Correct: 29. That rollercoaster was extremely fun!.
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 30. I can't stand the cold, it's way too friggin' cold. Correct: 30. I can't stand the cold, it's much too cold..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 31. They didn't do jack to help with the project. Correct: 31. They didn't do anything to help with the project..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 32. She's been feeling kinda meh lately. Correct: 32. She's been feeling somewhat indifferent lately..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 33. The cop gave him a ticket for speeding. Correct: 33. The police officer gave him a ticket for speeding..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 34. The hacker used a zero-day exploit to compromise the system. Correct: 34. The hacker used an unknown vulnerability to compromise the system..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 35. She's got mad skills on the basketball court. Correct: 35. She has exceptional skills on the basketball court..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 36. I'm gonna head to the gym after work. Correct: 36. I'm going to the gym after work..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 37. He's got a lot of irons in the fire right now. Correct: 37. He's currently involved in many projects..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 38. The boss ain't gonna be happy about this. Correct: 38. The boss isn't going to be happy about this..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 39. Can you send me the deets for the event? Correct: 39. Can you send me the details for the event?.
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 40. The marketing team's gonna brainstorm some new ideas. Correct: 40. The marketing team is going to brainstorm some new ideas..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 41. You shoulda seen the look on her face! Correct: 41. You should have seen the look on her face!.
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 42. My car's been acting up, gotta get it checked. Correct: 42. My car has been having issues, I need to get it checked..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 43. He's been working on a top-secret government project. Correct: 43. He's been working on a classified government project..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 44. The new intern's a total go-getter. Correct: 44. The new intern is highly motivated..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 45. The chef cooked up some delish dishes. Correct: 45. The chef prepared some delicious dishes..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 46. The athlete's been hitting the gym like crazy. Correct: 46. The athlete has been training intensely at the gym..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 47. That movie was a total snoozefest. Correct: 47. That movie was extremely boring..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 48. The IT guy had to come fix the glitchy software. Correct: 48. The IT specialist had to come repair the malfunctioning software..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 49. He's got a knack for fixing busted tech. Correct: 49. He has a talent for repairing broken technology..
Error Type: Slang, Jargon, and Colloquialisms. Incorrect: 50. The artist's new album is gonna drop next week. Correct: 50. The artist's new album is going to be released next week..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's at end of his rope. Correct: He's at the end of his rope..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: She got quick and the dead. Correct: She was quick and the dead..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: That's music my ears. Correct: That's music to my ears..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: She bite off more than chew. Correct: She bit off more than she could chew..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: Your guess good as mine. Correct: Your guess is as good as mine..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: You're barking the wrong tree. Correct: You're barking up the wrong tree..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's just tip of the iceberg. Correct: He's just the tip of the iceberg..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's trying to reinvent wheel. Correct: He's trying to reinvent the wheel..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: They putting all eggs one basket. Correct: They are putting all their eggs in one basket..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: You can't have cake eat it too. Correct: You can't have your cake and eat it too..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's burning candle both ends. Correct: He's burning the candle at both ends..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: She's apple of her father's eye. Correct: She's the apple of her father's eye..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: The team went back drawing board. Correct: The team went back to the drawing board..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: It's blessing disguise. Correct: It's a blessing in disguise..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: She's trying to find needle haystack. Correct: She's trying to find a needle in a haystack..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: You're comparing apples oranges. Correct: You're comparing apples to oranges..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: That's elephant room. Correct: That's the elephant in the room..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: They have axe grind. Correct: They have an axe to grind..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: Don't count chickens they hatch. Correct: Don't count your chickens before they hatch..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's chip off old block. Correct: He's a chip off the old block..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: We need think outside box. Correct: We need to think outside the box..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's dime a dozen. Correct: He's a dime a dozen..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: Actions louder than words. Correct: Actions speak louder than words..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: Opportunity knocks once. Correct: Opportunity only knocks once..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: I've got bigger fish fry. Correct: I've got bigger fish to fry..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: It's six one, half dozen other. Correct: It's six of one, half a dozen of the other..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: It's best both worlds. Correct: It's the best of both worlds..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: She's caught between rock hard place. Correct: She's caught between a rock and a hard place..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: It's calm before storm. Correct: It's the calm before the storm..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: They're cutting their nose spite face. Correct: They're cutting off their nose to spite their face..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's devil's advocate. Correct: He's playing devil's advocate..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's adding fuel fire. Correct: He's adding fuel to the fire..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's giving cold shoulder. Correct: He's giving her the cold shoulder..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: It's hard nut crack. Correct: It's a hard nut to crack..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's hitting two birds stone. Correct: He's hitting two birds with one stone..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: They're jumping the bandwagon. Correct: They're jumping on the bandwagon..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: She's making mountain molehill. Correct: She's making a mountain out of a molehill..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's not sharpest tool shed. Correct: He's not the sharpest tool in the shed..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: It's raining cats dogs. Correct: It's raining cats and dogs..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: They're reading between lines. Correct: They're reading between the lines..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's taking bull horns. Correct: He's taking the bull by the horns..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: They're throwing baby bathwater. Correct: They're throwing the baby out with the bathwater..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: Time flies you fun. Correct: Time flies when you're having fun..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's turning blind eye. Correct: He's turning a blind eye..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: It's whole new ball game. Correct: It's a whole new ball game..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: That's wolf sheep's clothing. Correct: That's a wolf in sheep's clothing..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: He's wearing heart sleeve. Correct: He's wearing his heart on his sleeve..
Error Type: Clichs. Incorrect: You can't judge book cover. Correct: You can't judge a book by its cover..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: He works at FB, but I work at MS. Correct: He works at Facebook, but I work at Microsoft..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: My bro just joined the USMC yday. Correct: My brother just joined the United States Marine Corps yesterday..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: I'll be there ASAP, pls wait. Correct: I'll be there as soon as possible, please wait..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: She's a prof at UCLA, in the CS dept. Correct: She's a professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, in the Computer Science department..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The engine has 200hp and 300lb-ft tq. Correct: The engine has 200 horsepower and 300 pound-feet of torque..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: In the meeting, they discussed GDPR and CCPA cmp. Correct: In the meeting, they discussed General Data Protection Regulation and California Consumer Privacy Act compliance..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: My new TV has HDMI, USB, and BT cnct. Correct: My new TV has High-Definition Multimedia Interface, Universal Serial Bus, and Bluetooth connectivity..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The doc prescribed me NSAIDs for my pain. Correct: The doctor prescribed me nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for my pain..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The pkg was del'd by USPS, not UPS. Correct: The package was delivered by United States Postal Service, not United Parcel Service..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: Their business model involves B2B and B2C svs. Correct: Their business model involves business-to-business and business-to-consumer services..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The H2O lvl in the tank is getting low. Correct: The water level in the tank is getting low..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: I think they use AI and ML in their app. Correct: I think they use artificial intelligence and machine learning in their app..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: Plz send me the PDF, not the DOC file. Correct: Please send me the Portable Document Format, not the Word Document file..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: They're going to visit the MOMA nxt wk. Correct: They're going to visit the Museum of Modern Art next week..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: My fav band is playing at SXSW this yr. Correct: My favorite band is playing at South by Southwest this year..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The atm in the mall is out of svc. Correct: The automated teller machine in the mall is out of service..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: My phone has GPS, but it's not v accurate. Correct: My phone has Global Positioning System, but it's not very accurate..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: I've been feeling v tired lately, IDK why. Correct: I've been feeling very tired lately, I don't know why..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The govt is considering new reg's for CO2 ems. Correct: The government is considering new regulations for carbon dioxide emissions..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The org is a non-profit, it's a 501c3. Correct: The organization is a non-profit, it's a 501(c)(3)..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: I need to buy a new SSD for my cmp. Correct: I need to buy a new solid-state drive for my computer..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The CPU and GPU of the sys are quite powerful. Correct: The central processing unit and graphics processing unit of the system are quite powerful..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: I'll be traveling to the UK and the EU nxt mth. Correct: I'll be traveling to the United Kingdom and the European Union next month..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: He'll be attending the conf on IoT and 5G tech. Correct: He'll be attending the conference on the Internet of Things and 5G technology..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The recipe calls for 1tsp of salt and 2tbsp of sugar. Correct: The recipe calls for 1 teaspoon of salt and 2 tablespoons of sugar..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The car's fuel eff is rated at 35mpg on hwy. Correct: The car's fuel efficiency is rated at 35 miles per gallon on the highway..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The new OS update includes many UX/UI impr. Correct: The new operating system update includes many user experience/user interface improvements..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The article was pub'd in the NYT last wk. Correct: The article was published in the New York Times last week..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The rpt states that GDP growth has slowed. Correct: The report states that gross domestic product growth has slowed..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The sci study focused on DNA and RNA strc. Correct: The scientific study focused on deoxyribonucleic acid and ribonucleic acid structures..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: She's a great actr, she won an Oscar last yr. Correct: She's a great actress, she won an Academy Award last year..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: They're launching a new SaaS product nxt qtr. Correct: They're launching a new Software as a Service product next quarter..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The avg temp in the city is 75F in the sum. Correct: The average temperature in the city is 75 degrees Fahrenheit in the summer..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: He's an expert in SEO and SEM strat. Correct: He's an expert in search engine optimization and search engine marketing strategies..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The team is focusing on R&D for the proj. Correct: The team is focusing on research and development for the project..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The UN has declared a new initiative for SDGs. Correct: The United Nations has declared a new initiative for Sustainable Development Goals..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The hotel offers free Wi-Fi and a cont'l bfast. Correct: The hotel offers free wireless internet and a continental breakfast..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The ct scan revealed no abnormalities. Correct: The computed tomography scan revealed no abnormalities..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The pkg includes a tkt to the theme park and htl stay. Correct: The package includes a ticket to the theme park and hotel stay..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The stm't from the CEO addressed the recent prblms. Correct: The statement from the chief executive officer addressed the recent problems..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: My flight was del'd, so I'll arr late. Correct: My flight was delayed, so I'll arrive late..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The co is implementing new CSR policies. Correct: The company is implementing new corporate social responsibility policies..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: She's a memb of the PTA at her child's school. Correct: She's a member of the Parent-Teacher Association at her child's school..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The weather rpt calls for rain tmrw. Correct: The weather report calls for rain tomorrow..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The doc will perform an MRI to check for any issues. Correct: The doctor will perform a magnetic resonance imaging to check for any issues..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The smrtph has a 5.5" OLED display. Correct: The smartphone has a 5.5-inch organic light-emitting diode display..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The new bldg will be LEED certified. Correct: The new building will be Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design certified..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The recipe calls for 1lb of grd beef. Correct: The recipe calls for 1 pound of ground beef..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The new law will be eff from Jan 1st. Correct: The new law will be effective from January 1st..
Error Type: Abbreviation Errors. Incorrect: The fin'l stmnts must be audited by a CPA. Correct: The financial statements must be audited by a Certified Public Accountant..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: It's door is locked, we can't get in. Correct: Its door is locked, we can't get in..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: I don't know where it's key is. Correct: I don't know where its key is..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: She's phone is out of battery. Correct: Her phone is out of battery..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: He's a doctor, but he's patients don't like him. Correct: He's a doctor, but his patients don't like him..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: Their's a new movie coming out this week. Correct: There's a new movie coming out this week..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: It's not easy to decide which's the best option. Correct: It's not easy to decide which is the best option..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: They're dog has been missing since yesterday. Correct: Their dog has been missing since yesterday..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The company is known for it's innovations. Correct: The company is known for its innovations..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: That's a nice shirt, where did you get it's design? Correct: That's a nice shirt, where did you get its design?.
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: I can't find my wallet, it's owner must be worried. Correct: I can't find my wallet, its owner must be worried..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: We're going to the park, but their's no parking nearby. Correct: We're going to the park, but there's no parking nearby..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: It's color is fading after multiple washes. Correct: Its color is fading after multiple washes..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The cat hurt it's paw while climbing the tree. Correct: The cat hurt its paw while climbing the tree..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: She's book is on the table. Correct: Her book is on the table..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The flowers in the garden lost they're color. Correct: The flowers in the garden lost their color..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The computer has a virus, it's system is slow. Correct: The computer has a virus, its system is slow..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: He's car needs a new engine. Correct: His car needs a new engine..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The restaurant is known for they're pizza. Correct: The restaurant is known for their pizza..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The movie was great, but it's ending was sad. Correct: The movie was great, but its ending was sad..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: She's job is to manage the team's schedule. Correct: Her job is to manage the team's schedule..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: They're house is beautiful, but it's location is far. Correct: Their house is beautiful, but its location is far..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: I borrowed Tom's bike, it's tires were flat. Correct: I borrowed Tom's bike, its tires were flat..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: She's shoes are the latest fashion. Correct: Her shoes are the latest fashion..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The plant needs water, it's leaves are wilting. Correct: The plant needs water, its leaves are wilting..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The phone's battery is low, it's screen is dim. Correct: The phone's battery is low, its screen is dim..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The cake's taste was amazing, but it's texture was dry. Correct: The cake's taste was amazing, but its texture was dry..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The team lost they're motivation after the loss. Correct: The team lost their motivation after the loss..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: Their's a problem with the computer's software. Correct: There's a problem with the computer's software..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The car has a dent, it's value has decreased. Correct: The car has a dent, its value has decreased..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The city's infrastructure needs improvement, it's roads are damaged. Correct: The city's infrastructure needs improvement, its roads are damaged..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: Her's idea was innovative and successful. Correct: Her idea was innovative and successful..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The library is quiet, it's atmosphere is perfect for studying. Correct: The library is quiet, its atmosphere is perfect for studying..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The school's reputation has improved, it's ranking is higher. Correct: The school's reputation has improved, its ranking is higher..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: He's watch is expensive and luxurious. Correct: His watch is expensive and luxurious..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: She's earrings are made of gold. Correct: Her earrings are made of gold..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The company's policies are strict, they're employees must follow them. Correct: The company's policies are strict, their employees must follow them..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The phone's camera is impressive, it's pictures are high quality. Correct: The phone's camera is impressive, its pictures are high quality..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The artist is famous for they're unique style. Correct: The artist is famous for their unique style..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The robot's programming is advanced, it's abilities are impressive. Correct: The robot's programming is advanced, its abilities are impressive..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The mountain's peak is covered in snow, it's view is breathtaking. Correct: The mountain's peak is covered in snow, its view is breathtaking..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The dog's fur is soft, it's coat is well-groomed. Correct: The dog's fur is soft, its coat is well-groomed..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The sun's rays are strong, they're making the day hot. Correct: The sun's rays are strong, they're making the day hot..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The software has a bug, it's performance is slow. Correct: The software has a bug, its performance is slow..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The store's sale is popular, they're discounts are great. Correct: The store's sale is popular, their discounts are great..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: Their's no denying that the Earth is round. Correct: There's no denying that the Earth is round..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: She's hair is long and curly. Correct: Her hair is long and curly..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The bird's song is beautiful, it's melody is soothing. Correct: The bird's song is beautiful, its melody is soothing..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The recipe's secret ingredient is cinnamon, it's flavor is unique. Correct: The recipe's secret ingredient is cinnamon, its flavor is unique..
Error Type: Contractions Errors. Incorrect: The project's deadline is approaching, they're team is working hard. Correct: The project's deadline is approaching, their team is working hard..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The man which bought the car was happy. Correct: The man who bought the car was happy..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The cake I ate it for dessert was delicious. Correct: The cake I ate for dessert was delicious..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: I met a woman has three dogs. Correct: I met a woman who has three dogs..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: This is the book I told you about. Correct: This is the book that I told you about..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The cookies, I baked them yesterday, are all gone. Correct: The cookies that I baked yesterday are all gone..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: People live in the city are usually busy. Correct: People who live in the city are usually busy..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The table I bought it last week is damaged. Correct: The table that I bought last week is damaged..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: She's the teacher teaches math at our school. Correct: She's the teacher who teaches math at our school..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The store which sells electronics is closing down. Correct: The store that sells electronics is closing down..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: I have a friend is a doctor. Correct: I have a friend who is a doctor..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The movie we watched yesterday was boring. Correct: The movie that we watched yesterday was boring..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The artist paintings are in the gallery is very talented. Correct: The artist whose paintings are in the gallery is very talented..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The car I sold it last year was my favorite. Correct: The car that I sold last year was my favorite..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The conference people were discussing climate change ended yesterday. Correct: The conference where people were discussing climate change ended yesterday..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The hotel I stayed in it had great service. Correct: The hotel where I stayed had great service..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The phone which I found on the street belongs to Sarah. Correct: The phone that I found on the street belongs to Sarah..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The dress she wore it to the party was stunning. Correct: The dress that she wore to the party was stunning..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The restaurant we ate dinner is famous for its seafood. Correct: The restaurant where we ate dinner is famous for its seafood..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: My brother, works at the bank, is visiting tomorrow. Correct: My brother, who works at the bank, is visiting tomorrow..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The book I'm reading it is about mindfulness. Correct: The book that I'm reading is about mindfulness..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The building the construction site is very tall. Correct: The building at the construction site is very tall..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The person I talked to him on the phone was very helpful. Correct: The person to whom I talked on the phone was very helpful..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The computer I'm using it for work needs an upgrade. Correct: The computer that I'm using for work needs an upgrade..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The museum exhibits ancient artifacts is in London. Correct: The museum that exhibits ancient artifacts is in London..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The town I grew up is small and quiet. Correct: The town where I grew up is small and quiet..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The company I work for it has a great benefits package. Correct: The company for which I work has a great benefits package..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The actor won an award is known for his versatility. Correct: The actor who won an award is known for his versatility..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The shoes she bought them last month are already worn out. Correct: The shoes that she bought last month are already worn out..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The bike which I ride to work is green. Correct: The bike that I ride to work is green..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The cafe I had breakfast was cozy. Correct: The cafe where I had breakfast was cozy..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The team I support it is from my hometown. Correct: The team that I support is from my hometown..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The flowers I planted them last spring have bloomed. Correct: The flowers that I planted last spring have bloomed..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The author book I'm reading is from Ireland. Correct: The author whose book I'm reading is from Ireland..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The meeting will be held at the office has a large conference room. Correct: The meeting will be held at the office that has a large conference room..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The bus, I take it every day, was late this morning. Correct: The bus that I take every day was late this morning..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The girl found the lost puppy was very kind. Correct: The girl who found the lost puppy was very kind..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The store I bought the shirt is having a sale. Correct: The store where I bought the shirt is having a sale..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The recipe I tried it last night was delicious. Correct: The recipe that I tried last night was delicious..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The park people play soccer is near my house. Correct: The park where people play soccer is near my house..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The mechanic fixed my car is very skilled. Correct: The mechanic who fixed my car is very skilled..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The magazine I subscribed to it is about photography. Correct: The magazine that I subscribed to is about photography..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The city I visited last summer has beautiful architecture. Correct: The city that I visited last summer has beautiful architecture..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The shirt I spilled coffee on it is ruined. Correct: The shirt on which I spilled coffee is ruined..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The concert we went to it last night was amazing. Correct: The concert that we went to last night was amazing..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The college my sister attends it has a beautiful campus. Correct: The college that my sister attends has a beautiful campus..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The machine I'm using it at the gym is broken. Correct: The machine that I'm using at the gym is broken..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The apartment I live in it has a great view. Correct: The apartment where I live has a great view..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The company the job offer came from is well-known. Correct: The company from which the job offer came is well-known..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The park I walk my dog is just down the street. Correct: The park where I walk my dog is just down the street..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The phone I dropped it in water is no longer working. Correct: The phone that I dropped in water is no longer working..
Error Type: Relative Clause Errors. Incorrect: The beach we went to it last weekend was crowded. Correct: The beach that we went to last weekend was crowded..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: He decided to quickly finish his homework. Correct: He decided to finish his homework quickly..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: She wants to in the future study computer science. Correct: She wants to study computer science in the future..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: I'm going to not eat junk food anymore. Correct: I'm not going to eat junk food anymore..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: We need to completely revise our marketing strategy. Correct: We need to revise our marketing strategy completely..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: They hope to soon launch a new product. Correct: They hope to launch a new product soon..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: To safely store the chemicals, use airtight containers. Correct: To store the chemicals safely, use airtight containers..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: She aspires to professionally become a dancer. Correct: She aspires to become a professional dancer..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The architect planned to creatively design the building. Correct: The architect planned to design the building creatively..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: They're trying to efficiently manage their time. Correct: They're trying to manage their time efficiently..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: He always forgets to carefully proofread his essays. Correct: He always forgets to proofread his essays carefully..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The scientist aimed to accurately record all the data. Correct: The scientist aimed to record all the data accurately..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: She wanted to gracefully perform on stage. Correct: She wanted to perform on stage gracefully..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The mechanic advised to regularly check the oil levels. Correct: The mechanic advised to check the oil levels regularly..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The teacher told us to actively participate in class. Correct: The teacher told us to participate actively in class..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: To successfully complete the project, we need more resources. Correct: To complete the project successfully, we need more resources..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The chef tried to perfectly cook the steak. Correct: The chef tried to cook the steak perfectly..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The manager asked to promptly submit our reports. Correct: The manager asked to submit our reports promptly..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: He plans to eventually write a book about his travels. Correct: He plans to write a book about his travels eventually..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: She wanted to privately speak with her supervisor. Correct: She wanted to speak privately with her supervisor..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The athlete aimed to continuously improve his performance. Correct: The athlete aimed to improve his performance continuously..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The gardener decided to systematically water the plants. Correct: The gardener decided to water the plants systematically..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: To thoroughly clean the house, we hired a professional. Correct: To clean the house thoroughly, we hired a professional..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The tourists wanted to leisurely explore the city. Correct: The tourists wanted to explore the city leisurely..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The director instructed to subtly change the scene. Correct: The director instructed to change the scene subtly..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: He promised to immediately call when he arrived. Correct: He promised to call immediately when he arrived..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The author tried to eloquently express her thoughts. Correct: The author tried to express her thoughts eloquently..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: She decided to permanently delete her social media accounts. Correct: She decided to delete her social media accounts permanently..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: He asked her to slowly explain the process. Correct: He asked her to explain the process slowly..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The driver decided to cautiously navigate the icy road. Correct: The driver decided to navigate the icy road cautiously..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: To effectively communicate, listen carefully to others. Correct: To communicate effectively, listen carefully to others..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The team wanted to collectively make a decision. Correct: The team wanted to make a decision collectively..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: He aimed to dramatically improve his grades. Correct: He aimed to improve his grades dramatically..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The company decided to strategically invest in new ventures. Correct: The company decided to invest strategically in new ventures..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: She tried to persuasively argue her point. Correct: She tried to argue her point persuasively..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The artist wanted to uniquely express himself. Correct: The artist wanted to express himself uniquely..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: To efficiently use energy, turn off lights when not in use. Correct: To use energy efficiently, turn off lights when not in use..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The speaker tried to clearly convey his message. Correct: The speaker tried to convey his message clearly..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: She advised to always think positively. Correct: She advised to think always positively..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The hikers decided to gradually climb the mountain. Correct: The hikers decided to climb the mountain gradually..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: To properly dispose of waste, use the recycling bins. Correct: To dispose of waste properly, use the recycling bins..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The students aimed to collaboratively work on the project. Correct: The students aimed to work collaboratively on the project..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: She told him to quietly enter the room. Correct: She told him to enter the room quietly..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The photographer wanted to artistically capture the scene. Correct: The photographer wanted to capture the scene artistically..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The coach instructed to aggressively play defense. Correct: The coach instructed to play defense aggressively..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The company needed to rapidly adapt to the market changes. Correct: The company needed to adapt rapidly to the market changes..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: He decided to strongly voice his opinion. Correct: He decided to voice his opinion strongly..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: The researchers aimed to objectively analyze the data. Correct: The researchers aimed to analyze the data objectively..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: She wanted to passionately advocate for her cause. Correct: She wanted to advocate passionately for her cause..
Error Type: Infinitive Errors. Incorrect: To securely store your passwords, use a password manager. Correct: To store your passwords securely, use a password manager..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: I enjoy to read books. Correct: I enjoy reading books..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: She is exciting about the trip. Correct: She is excited about the trip..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: He is interested on learning Spanish. Correct: He is interested in learning Spanish..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The children were so bore at the museum. Correct: The children were so bored at the museum..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: He is talented for playing the guitar. Correct: He is talented at playing the guitar..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The scientist studied the organism's adapt to their environment. Correct: The scientist studied the organisms' adaptation to their environment..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The project was cancel due to a lack of funding. Correct: The project was canceled due to a lack of funding..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: He was annoy by the constant noise. Correct: He was annoyed by the constant noise..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The athlete's success was attributable to his dedicate to his training. Correct: The athlete's success was attributable to his dedication to his training..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: It's essential to brush your teeth twice a day for prevent cavities. Correct: It's essential to brush your teeth twice a day to prevent cavities..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: I prefer cook at home instead of eating out. Correct: I prefer cooking at home instead of eating out..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: He was disappoint with his exam results. Correct: He was disappointed with his exam results..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The rain caused the street to flood, result in a traffic jam. Correct: The rain caused the street to flood, resulting in a traffic jam..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: She is obsessed with collect vintage clothing. Correct: She is obsessed with collecting vintage clothing..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The journalist was criticized for misrepresent the facts. Correct: The journalist was criticized for misrepresenting the facts..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: I appreciate your help with organize the event. Correct: I appreciate your help with organizing the event..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The company is committed to reduce its carbon footprint. Correct: The company is committed to reducing its carbon footprint..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The teacher was impressed by the student's improve in math. Correct: The teacher was impressed by the student's improvement in math..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: I am look forward to meet you in person. Correct: I am looking forward to meeting you in person..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The dog was punished for chew the furniture. Correct: The dog was punished for chewing the furniture..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The politician was accused of corrupt and bribery. Correct: The politician was accused of corruption and bribery..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The girl was embarass to admit she had never seen the movie. Correct: The girl was embarrassed to admit she had never seen the movie..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The boy's parents were concerned about his frequent lying. Correct: The boy's parents were concerned about his frequent lies..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The manager had a reputation for being very demand. Correct: The manager had a reputation for being very demanding..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The team was congratulate on their victory. Correct: The team was congratulated on their victory..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The artist is known for his innovate use of color. Correct: The artist is known for his innovative use of color..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The company's sales have been decline in recent months. Correct: The company's sales have been declining in recent months..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: I am sorry for disturb you at this late hour. Correct: I am sorry for disturbing you at this late hour..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: She had a difficult time make a decision. Correct: She had a difficult time making a decision..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The students were instructed to proofread their papers for avoid errors. Correct: The students were instructed to proofread their papers to avoid errors..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The broken window was a result of the children's careless play. Correct: The broken window was a result of the children's careless playing..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: They are considering to move to a new city for better job opportunities. Correct: They are considering moving to a new city for better job opportunities..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The movie was criticize for its lack of character development. Correct: The movie was criticized for its lack of character development..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The athlete was disqualify for using performance-enhancing drugs. Correct: The athlete was disqualified for using performance-enhancing drugs..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The company's success was due to its invest in new technologies. Correct: The company's success was due to its investment in new technologies..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The parents were worried about their child's safety on the playground. Correct: The parents were worried about their child's safe play on the playground..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The chef's signature dish is made by roast vegetables and herbs. Correct: The chef's signature dish is made by roasting vegetables and herbs..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The students were encourage to ask questions during the lecture. Correct: The students were encouraged to ask questions during the lecture..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The police officer's quick think saved the hostage's life. Correct: The police officer's quick thinking saved the hostage's life..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The flowers in the garden were wilt due to the heat. Correct: The flowers in the garden were wilting due to the heat..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The book's success was due to the author's unique write style. Correct: The book's success was due to the author's unique writing style..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The traveler was amaze by the beauty of the landscape. Correct: The traveler was amazed by the beauty of the landscape..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The doctor advised the patient to quit smoke. Correct: The doctor advised the patient to quit smoking..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The company was fined for pollute the river. Correct: The company was fined for polluting the river..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The engineer's primary responsibility was to design the bridge. Correct: The engineer's primary responsibility was designing the bridge..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: I apologize for any inconvenience my mistake may have cause. Correct: I apologize for any inconvenience my mistake may have caused..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The soccer player was injure during the game. Correct: The soccer player was injured during the game..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The politician's speech was focused on promote unity. Correct: The politician's speech was focused on promoting unity..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The architect's bold vision led to the creation of a beautiful building. Correct: The architect's bold vision led to creating a beautiful building..
Error Type: Gerund and Participle Errors. Incorrect: The company's management was criticized for their lack of communicate with employees. Correct: The company's management was criticized for their lack of communication with employees..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: She enjoys swimming, to dance, and reading books. Correct: She enjoys swimming, dancing, and reading books..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: To become a doctor, you need to study hard, be patient, and having good communication skills. Correct: To become a doctor, you need to study hard, be patient, and have good communication skills..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: John's hobbies include playing soccer, cooking delicious meals, and to travel the world. Correct: John's hobbies include playing soccer, cooking delicious meals, and traveling the world..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The report is comprehensive, clear, and provided valuable insights. Correct: The report is comprehensive, clear, and provides valuable insights..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: She was tired, hungry, and feeling cold. Correct: She was tired, hungry, and cold..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The job requires strong analytical skills, attention to detail, and being a good team player. Correct: The job requires strong analytical skills, attention to detail, and good team player abilities..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The team needs to research, organize, and presenting their findings. Correct: The team needs to research, organize, and present their findings..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The conference will cover topics such as artificial intelligence, data analysis, and to improve cybersecurity. Correct: The conference will cover topics such as artificial intelligence, data analysis, and improving cybersecurity..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: He wants to learn how to play the guitar, speaking French, and cooking gourmet meals. Correct: He wants to learn how to play the guitar, speak French, and cook gourmet meals..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: She is passionate about teaching, to inspire, and helping students succeed. Correct: She is passionate about teaching, inspiring, and helping students succeed..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The meeting was productive, informative, and included brainstorming sessions. Correct: The meeting was productive, informative, and included brainstorming sessions..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The artist's work is creative, thought-provoking, and to evoke emotions. Correct: The artist's work is creative, thought-provoking, and evokes emotions..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The software allows users to edit images, create designs, and sharing their work. Correct: The software allows users to edit images, create designs, and share their work..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The cake was delicious, moist, and decorated beautifully. Correct: The cake was delicious, moist, and beautifully decorated..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: His responsibilities include managing the team, budgeting, and to oversee projects. Correct: His responsibilities include managing the team, budgeting, and overseeing projects..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The class will teach students to think critically, to analyze data, and solve problems. Correct: The class will teach students to think critically, analyze data, and solve problems..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The hotel provides comfortable rooms, delicious food, and offering various amenities. Correct: The hotel provides comfortable rooms, delicious food, and offers various amenities..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The program aims to promote healthy eating, regular exercise, and to reduce stress. Correct: The program aims to promote healthy eating, regular exercise, and stress reduction..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The movie was entertaining, suspenseful, and had an unexpected twist. Correct: The movie was entertaining, suspenseful, and featured an unexpected twist..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The concert featured talented musicians, a fantastic light show, and selling merchandise. Correct: The concert featured talented musicians, a fantastic light show, and sold merchandise..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The company focuses on innovation, sustainability, and to provide excellent customer service. Correct: The company focuses on innovation, sustainability, and providing excellent customer service..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: Our goals are to increase revenue, improve efficiency, and to expand our market reach. Correct: Our goals are to increase revenue, improve efficiency, and expand our market reach..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The project requires careful planning, effective communication, and to monitor progress. Correct: The project requires careful planning, effective communication, and progress monitoring..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: To succeed in life, one must be persistent, willing to learn, and taking risks. Correct: To succeed in life, one must be persistent, willing to learn, and take risks..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The experiment tested the effects of temperature, humidity, and to measure air pressure. Correct: The experiment tested the effects of temperature, humidity, and air pressure measurement..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The new policy aims to encourage transparency, accountability, and to foster collaboration. Correct: The new policy aims to encourage transparency, accountability, and foster collaboration..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The workshop will help participants develop leadership skills, build confidence, and to network. Correct: The workshop will help participants develop leadership skills, build confidence, and network..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The book is engaging, informative, and using real-life examples. Correct: The book is engaging, informative, and uses real-life examples..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The device is designed to save energy, reduce waste, and to be user-friendly. Correct: The device is designed to save energy, reduce waste, and be user-friendly..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The course covers topics such as programming, web development, and to create mobile applications. Correct: The course covers topics such as programming, web development, and creating mobile applications..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The store offers a wide range of products, competitive prices, and to provide excellent customer service. Correct: The store offers a wide range of products, competitive prices, and provides excellent customer service..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The vacation package includes flights, accommodation, and to arrange activities. Correct: The vacation package includes flights, accommodation, and arranged activities..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The manager expects employees to be punctual, professional, and to work efficiently. Correct: The manager expects employees to be punctual, professional, and work efficiently..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The strategy involves analyzing market trends, identifying opportunities, and to develop new products. Correct: The strategy involves analyzing market trends, identifying opportunities, and developing new products..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The event will feature live music, delicious food, and to raise money for charity. Correct: The event will feature live music, delicious food, and raise money for charity..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The article discusses the importance of education, skill development, and to promote lifelong learning. Correct: The article discusses the importance of education, skill development, and promoting lifelong learning..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The exercise routine includes stretching, strength training, and doing cardio exercises. Correct: The exercise routine includes stretching, strength training, and cardio exercises..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The government is committed to reducing poverty, improving healthcare, and to provide quality education. Correct: The government is committed to reducing poverty, improving healthcare, and providing quality education..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The app allows users to track their expenses, set budgets, and to receive financial tips. Correct: The app allows users to track their expenses, set budgets, and receive financial tips..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The exhibition showcases contemporary art, photography, and to feature performances. Correct: The exhibition showcases contemporary art, photography, and features performances..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The training program focuses on skill development, teamwork, and to enhance leadership abilities. Correct: The training program focuses on skill development, teamwork, and enhancing leadership abilities..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The recipe requires fresh ingredients, careful preparation, and to cook at the right temperature. Correct: The recipe requires fresh ingredients, careful preparation, and cooking at the right temperature..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: He plans to study law, gain work experience, and to pursue a career as a lawyer. Correct: He plans to study law, gain work experience, and pursue a career as a lawyer..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The organization aims to support local businesses, create jobs, and to stimulate economic growth. Correct: The organization aims to support local businesses, create jobs, and stimulate economic growth..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The game challenges players to solve puzzles, explore new worlds, and to defeat powerful enemies. Correct: The game challenges players to solve puzzles, explore new worlds, and defeat powerful enemies..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The festival celebrates music, culture, and to bring people together. Correct: The festival celebrates music, culture, and brings people together..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The seminar will address topics such as career development, networking, and to build personal brands. Correct: The seminar will address topics such as career development, networking, and building personal brands..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The research examines the effects of climate change, deforestation, and to propose conservation strategies. Correct: The research examines the effects of climate change, deforestation, and proposes conservation strategies..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The report highlights the need for investment, infrastructure improvements, and to create jobs. Correct: The report highlights the need for investment, infrastructure improvements, and job creation..
Error Type: Lack of Parallelism in Lists or Series. Incorrect: The program encourages students to think creatively, collaborate, and to solve real-world problems. Correct: The program encourages students to think creatively, collaborate, and solve real-world problems..
Idiom: A bad break. Meaning: 1. A misfortune. 2. A serious bone fracture..
Idiom: A bad hair day. Meaning: A day on which everything seems to go wrong..
Idiom: A bad workman always blames his tools. Meaning: A proverb that suggests a poor workman tends to look for an excuse for his poor work..
Idiom: A big ask. Meaning: A favour which is a lot to ask of someone..
Idiom: A bigger bang for your buck. Meaning: Better value for your money..
Idiom: A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. Meaning: Its better to have a lesser but certain advantage than the possibility of a greater one that may come to nothing..
Idiom: A bite to eat. Meaning: A small meal, possibly taken quickly when time is short..
Idiom: A blessing in disguise. Meaning: An apparent misfortune that works to the eventual benefit of the recipient..
Idiom: A bull and cow. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for a row or argument..
Idiom: A bunch of fives. Meaning: A fist, as used in a fight..
Idiom: A chip on your shoulder. Meaning: A sense of inferiority characterized by a quickness to take offence..
Idiom: A diamond in the rough. Meaning: A person or thing having good underlying qualities while appearing to be coarse and unpolished..
Idiom: A dime a dozen. Meaning: So commonplace as to be of little consequence..
Idiom: A doubting Thomas. Meaning: A sceptic who wont accept a widely believed truth until seeing the evidence in person..
Idiom: A drop in the bucket. Meaning: A very small part of a bigger whole..
Idiom: A fate worse than death. Meaning: The reputed opinion of sexual intercourse by prim Victorian ladies..
Idiom: A feather in one's cap. Meaning: A symbol of achievement..
Idiom: A fish out of water. Meaning: Someone in an unfamiliar circumstance..
Idiom: A flash in the pan. Meaning: Something that fails to deliver long-term benefit after an initial success..
Idiom: A fly in the ointment. Meaning: A small flaw that spoils the whole..
Idiom: A fly on the wall. Meaning: 1. An unperceived observer - able to see and hear but not be seen or heard. 2 - A form of cinema in which events are recorded without direction..
Idiom: A fool and his money are soon parted. Meaning: A foolish person is very likely to lose his money..
Idiom: A fool's paradise. Meaning: A state of euphoria with no basis in reality..
Idiom: A foot in the door. Meaning: An initial inroad that may lead to greater influence in future..
Idiom: A golden key can open any door. Meaning: Money always has a telling influence..
Idiom: A hot potato. Meaning: A current issue which many people are talking about and which is controversial..
Idiom: A house divided against itself cannot stand. Meaning: Failure is certain if those on the same side argue amongst themselves..
Idiom: A knight in shining armour. Meaning: A person who comes to the aid of another when other hopes have faded, like the knights in romantic stories..
Idiom: A leopard can't change his spots. Meaning: You cannot change your innate self..
Idiom: A little bird told me. Meaning: I was told by an undisclosed source..
Idiom: A load of cobblers. Meaning: Nonsense..
Idiom: A load of codswallop. Meaning: Nonsense..
Idiom: A lot on your plate. Meaning: Having many responsibilities..
Idiom: A man after my own heart. Meaning: A kindred spirit. Someone who thinks as I do..
Idiom: A miss is as good as a mile. Meaning: Some endeavours either succeed or they dont - to miss narrowly is still failure..
Idiom: A penny for your thoughts. Meaning: A way of asking what someone is thinking..
Idiom: A penny saved is a penny earned. Meaning: Anything you save has the same effect as adding to your income..
Idiom: A picture paints a thousand words. Meaning: Pictures are far more descriptive than words..
Idiom: A piece of cake. Meaning: A task that can be accomplished very easily..
Idiom: A pig in a poke. Meaning: A commodity that is bought without first examining it..
Idiom: A place in the sun. Meaning: An idealistic dream of a sunny hideaway..
Idiom: A red rag to a bull. Meaning: A deliberate provocation..
Idiom: A safe pair of hands. Meaning: A reliable person, who can be trusted not to fail in a a task..
Idiom: A sea change. Meaning: A radical change..
Idiom: A sight for sore eyes. Meaning: A welcome sight that you werent expecting..
Idiom: A skeleton in the closet. Meaning: A secret and possibly ruinous source of shame..
Idiom: A shot in the arm. Meaning: A boost or encouragement..
Idiom: A slap on the wrist. Meaning: A mild rebuke, often given when a more severe punishment might be expected..
Idiom: A sledgehammer to crack a nut. Meaning: The use of excessive resources to overcome a small problem..
Idiom: A sorry sight. Meaning: 1. Something sadly neglected. 2. A person or thing of untidy appearance..
Idiom: A stitch in time saves nine. Meaning: A small effort made at the right time might save a calamity later on..
Idiom: A stone's throw. Meaning: A short distance..
Idiom: A taste of your own medicine. Meaning: Mistreatment you receive in retaliation to that you gave to others..
Idiom: A thorn in my flesh. Meaning: A persistent and difficult to ignore annoyance..
Idiom: A toss up. Meaning: 1. The flip of a coin to decide on something. 2. A result, usually between two courses of action, which is uncertain and could go either way..
Idiom: A wolf in sheep's clothing. Meaning: Someone who uses the pretence of kindliness to disguise their evil intent..
Idiom: About face. Meaning: 1. A military command to turn when on parade. 2. A change from ones previous position..
Idiom: About time. Meaning: 1. Almost time. 2. High time..
Idiom: Absence makes the heart grow fonder. Meaning: Our feelings for people and things grows when we are apart from them..
Idiom: Abso-bloody-lutely. Meaning: A more emphatic version of Absolutely..
Idiom: Ace in the hole. Meaning: A saved, hidden advantage that can supply a victory when revealed..
Idiom: Achilles' heel. Meaning: A fatal weakness in an otherwise strong person or thing..
Idiom: Across the board. Meaning: Applying everywhere and to all classes of thing..
Idiom: Act your age. Meaning: Behave in a manner appropriate to your stage in life..
Idiom: Actions speak louder than words. Meaning: Actions show ones character more than what you say..
Idiom: Adam's ale. Meaning: A reference to water - often used to emphasize the purity of water compared to other drinks..
Idiom: Add fuel to the fire. Meaning: Make a bad situation even worse than it is..
Idiom: Add insult to injury. Meaning: To further a loss. To make a bad situation worse..
Idiom: Against the clock. Meaning: In a great hurry to complete something before a set deadline..
Idiom: Ain't my first rodeo. Meaning: Said by someone who has experience of a situation..
Idiom: Al fresco. Meaning: In the open air..
Idiom: Al desko. Meaning: Eating ones lunch while still working. (A Pun on Al fresco.)..
Idiom: All at sea. Meaning: In a confused, disordered state..
Idiom: All kidding aside. Meaning: Said when you want people to realise you are speaking seriously, when they might otherwise think you were joking..
Idiom: All bark and no bite. Meaning: Having lots to say but not willing to engage in a fight..
Idiom: All Greek to me. Meaning: Incomprehensible, as Greek is to someone who cannot speak it..
Idiom: All in all. Meaning: On the whole - when everything is considered..
Idiom: All in a day's work. Meaning: Typical; a normal set of circumstances..
Idiom: All set. Meaning: Ready to go..
Idiom: All the way. Meaning: Referring to something that is done fully, especially as a euphemism for full sexual activity..
Idiom: All thumbs. Meaning: Clumsy or physically inept..
Idiom: All to cock. Meaning: Ruined or shambolic..
Idiom: All together now. Meaning: Invitation to join in communal singing..
Idiom: Alley cat. Meaning: 1. A cat that lives wild in a town. 2. Slang term for a prostitute..
Idiom: Alpha Mom. Meaning: An ambitious mother who aims to excel at work while raising children..
Idiom: Alphabet soup. Meaning: A jumble of words or letters, often referring to organisations known by their initials, like CIA or BBC..
Idiom: Amber nectar. Meaning: A slang term for lager..
Idiom: Amped up. Meaning: Excited and ready for action..
Idiom: An act of God. Meaning: Some event that is considered to be outside human control. Commonly used in insurance policies to refer to events that the insured cannot be held responsible for..
Idiom: An arm and a leg. Meaning: Very expensive. A large amount of money..
Idiom: An axe to grind. Meaning: A dispute with someone..
Idiom: An open and shut case. Meaning: A straightforward legal case in which the outcome is clear..
Idiom: Ankle biter. Meaning: A slang term for small child..
Idiom: Apples and pears. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for stairs..
Idiom: As high as a kite. Meaning: 1. Very high up in the sky. 2. High on drugs or excitement..
Idiom: At the drop of a hat. Meaning: With no delay..
Idiom: Away with the fairies. Meaning: Not facing reality; in a dream world..
Idiom: Baby brain. Meaning: Confusion or forgetfulness caused by lack of sleep when caring for a new-born..
Idiom: Baby bump. Meaning: The protruding belly of a pregnant woman. Also used to describe the unborn child itself..
Idiom: Baby snatcher. Meaning: Someone who enters into an amorous relationship with a much younger person..
Idiom: Back seat driver. Meaning: Someone who criticizes from the side-lines without being directly involved..
Idiom: Back to square one. Meaning: Back to the beginning..
Idiom: Back to the drawing board. Meaning: Said when a plan fails and it's time to start again and make a new plan..
Idiom: Bag lady. Meaning: A homeless woman, who carries all her possessions in shopping bags..
Idiom: Baker's dozen. Meaning: Thirteen..
Idiom: Barking up the wrong tree. Meaning: Responding to something which isn't the important issue..
Idiom: Barnet Fair. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for hair..
Idiom: Basket case. Meaning: A person or thing that is no longer able to function effectively, either through disability or misfortune..
Idiom: Bat from the pavilion end. Meaning: Slang term for a homosexuality..
Idiom: Be a sport. Meaning: Be generous and/or sportsmanlike..
Idiom: Be glad to see the back of. Meaning: Be happy when a person leaves or when an unpleasant situation is ended..
Idiom: Beach bum. Meaning: Someone, usually a youngster, who spends all their time hanging out at the beach surfing and partying..
Idiom: Bean counter. Meaning: A disparaging term for an accountant or anyone who compiles statistics..
Idiom: Beat around the bush. Meaning: Avoiding the main topic..
Idiom: Beauty contest / Beauty parade. Meaning: A political contest in which the result is influenced by personality and image more than by policy..
Idiom: Bedroom tax. Meaning: slang term for UK's removal of Spare Room Subsidy..
Idiom: Bells and whistles. Meaning: Attractive additional features or trimmings..
Idiom: Bend over backwards. Meaning: Make extravagant efforts to avoid bias..
Idiom: Between a rock and a hard place. Meaning: Between two unwelcome options..
Idiom: Between the wars. Meaning: The period between WWI and WWII..
Idiom: Beyond price. Meaning: To be so prized and valuable as to not be obtainable by money..
Idiom: Big fish in a small pond. Meaning: An important person but only so within a small area of influence..
Idiom: Binge watch. Meaning: Watch multiple episodes of a television programme in succession..
Idiom: Bitch slap. Meaning: An open-handed slap in the face intended to be humiliating..
Idiom: Bite off more than you can chew. Meaning: Take on a task that is more than one can manage..
Idiom: Bite the dust. Meaning: Die, especially in a violent or sudden way..
Idiom: Bite your tongue. Meaning: Avoid speaking..
Idiom: Blood blister. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for sister..
Idiom: Blood is thicker than water. Meaning: Family loyalties are stronger than those to other people..
Idiom: Blow a raspberry. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for fart..
Idiom: Blue plate special. Meaning: A set meal provided at a reduced price..
Idiom: Boat race. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for face..
Idiom: Bottle and glass. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for arse..
Idiom: Bought the farm. Meaning: Died, especially in a violent way which may give rise to an insurance claim..
Idiom: Brahms and Lizst. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for pissed..
Idiom: Brass monkey weather. Meaning: Extremely cold weather. The full expression is 'Cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey'..
Idiom: Brass tacks. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for facts..
Idiom: Break a leg. Meaning: A superstitious way to wish 'good luck' to an actor before a performance while avoiding saying 'good luck' out loud, which is considered unlucky..
Idiom: Breast is best. Meaning: Slogan of breastfeeding campaign..
Idiom: Bricks and mortar. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for daughter..
Idiom: Brighton Pier. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for queer (i.e. homosexual)..
Idiom: Bring your A game. Meaning: Perform to the best of your ability..
Idiom: Brown bread. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for dead..
Idiom: Brown out. Meaning: 1. A partial failure of the electricity supply. 2. The exposing of one's buttocks in public..
Idiom: Brum brum. Meaning: Child's play idiom expressing the sound of a vehicle..
Idiom: Bucket list. Meaning: A list of things you plan to do before you 'kick the bucket' (die). Often a list of fanciful ideas rather than of concrete plans..
Idiom: Burn the midnight oil. Meaning: To work late into the night..
Idiom: Bust a move. Meaning: Dance in a stylish way..
Idiom: Buy a lemon. Meaning: Waste money by purchasing a car that is frequently faulty..
Idiom: Calendar year. Meaning: Twelve months beginning from the first of January..
Idiom: Can't cut the mustard. Meaning: Unable to meet the demands put upon you..
Idiom: Canteen culture. Meaning: Boorish behaviour by rank and file police or soldiers..
Idiom: Carbon footprint. Meaning: A measure of the amount of carbon dioxide (CO2) emitted during an industrial or domestic process..
Idiom: Carpe diem. Meaning: Latin expression meaning seize the day..
Idiom: Cast iron stomach. Meaning: Said to be possessed by someone who is able to eat anything with no ill effects..
Idiom: Cat got your tongue?. Meaning: A question addressed to someone who is inexplicably silent. The implication is that the person's tongue is missing..
Idiom: Caught between two stools. Meaning: Finding it difficult to choose between two alternatives..
Idiom: Caught by the short hairs (or short and curlies). Meaning: Trapped by an opponent in a situation you can't escape..
Idiom: Chaise Lounge. Meaning: The American spelling for the piece of furniture known elsewhere as a chaise longue..
Idiom: Charley horse. Meaning: Stiffness or cramp in the arm or leg..
Idiom: Chasing tail. Meaning: Of a man pursuing women..
Idiom: Cheek by jowl. Meaning: Side by side; close together..
Idiom: Chicken feed. Meaning: Something of little importance, especially a small sum of money..
Idiom: Cherry ripe. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for pipe..
Idiom: Chew someone out. Meaning: Verbally scold someone..
Idiom: Children should be seen and not heard. Meaning: Old proverb suggesting that children should not impinge on the adult world..
Idiom: China plate. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for mate..
Idiom: Chow down. Meaning: Begin to eat..
Idiom: City bike. Meaning: A bicycle designing especially for urban riding..
Idiom: Click bait. Meaning: An eye catching word or image on a website..
Idiom: Close but no cigar. Meaning: Very near to success but falling short..
Idiom: Cloud cuckoo land. Meaning: An imaginary idealistic state where everything is perfect. It is usually used with reference to someone who has an overly optimistic and unrealistic belief..
Idiom: Cock and bull story. Meaning: An unbelievable tale..
Idiom: Code monkey. Meaning: Slang term for a computer programmer..
Idiom: Cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey. Meaning: Extremely cold weather. The full expression is 'Cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey'..
Idiom: Come hell or high water. Meaning: Despite any great difficult or obstacle..
Idiom: Comfort women. Meaning: women forced into sexual slavery by the Japanese in WWII..
Idiom: Company man. Meaning: A worker especially loyal to the employer he works for..
Idiom: Cop an attitude. Meaning: Adopt an aggressive stance..
Idiom: Corduroy road. Meaning: A road that is ridged and furrowed like the fabric..
Idiom: Country house hotel. Meaning: An upmarket hotel located in a revamped rural mansion..
Idiom: Crack someone up. Meaning: Make someone laugh..
Idiom: Cream crackered. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for knackered. - note, when this term was coined, cream crackers were a popular snack in the UK..
Idiom: Cross that bridge when you come to it. Meaning: Deal with a problem if and when it becomes necessary, not before..
Idiom: Cross your fingers. Meaning: To hope that something happens..
Idiom: Crunch time. Meaning: The period of time just before a project has to be completed..
Idiom: Cry wolf. Meaning: Intentionally raise a false alarm..
Idiom: Curiosity killed the cat. Meaning: Being inquisitive can lead you into a dangerous situation..
Idiom: Currant bun. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for sun..
Idiom: Cut corners. Meaning: Doing things in a slipshod way, to avoid expense or effort..
Idiom: Cut to the chase. Meaning: Leave out all the unnecessary details and get straight to the point..
Idiom: Daily grind. Meaning: The dull daily routine..
Idiom: Daisy roots. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for boots..
Idiom: Date rape. Meaning: The rape by a man of his partner on a date..
Idiom: Day surgery. Meaning: Minor surgery that does not require the patient to stay in hospital overnight..
Idiom: Daylight saving time. Meaning: The adjustment of clocks to provide longer evening daylight..
Idiom: Dead ringer. Meaning: An exact duplicate..
Idiom: Dead white European male. Meaning: Derogatory reference to someone who has an unjustified reputation..
Idiom: Designated driver. Meaning: Someone who agrees not to drink alcohol at a social event in order to be sober enough to drive others home..
Idiom: Dial down. Meaning: 1. Adjust a device to reduce sound or temperature. 2. Reduce one's emotional reaction to something..
Idiom: Dicky Dirt. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for shirt..
Idiom: Discussing Uganda. Meaning: Euphemism for sex..
Idiom: Dog and bone. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for telephone..
Idiom: Dog days of summer. Meaning: The hottest days of the summer season..
Idiom: Donkey's years. Meaning: 1. Cockney rhyming slang for ears. 2. A very long time..
Idiom: Don't bite the hand that feeds you. Meaning: Don't hurt someone that helps you..
Idiom: Don't count your chickens before they hatch. Meaning: Don't count on receiving some benefit until you actually have it..
Idiom: Don't cry over spilt milk. Meaning: Don't fret pointlessly about some mistake or loss when it can't be remedied..
Idiom: Don't give up the day job. Meaning: Said to someone who is a poor performer at a task - suggesting that they wouldn't be able to succeed at it professionally..
Idiom: Don't look a gift horse in the mouth. Meaning: When you receive a gift accept it with good grace and don't find fault with it..
Idiom: Don't put all your eggs in one basket. Meaning: Don't risk all your property on a single venture..
Idiom: Double denim. Meaning: Denim jeans worn with a denim shirt or jacket..
Idiom: Double header. Meaning: A sports expression denoting two events held at the same time..
Idiom: Down to the wire. Meaning: Not decided until the very last minute..
Idiom: Dressed to the nines. Meaning: Very smartly dressed, in one's best clothes..
Idiom: Drink like a fish. Meaning: Drink very heavily..
Idiom: Drive someone up the wall. Meaning: Irritate or annoy very much..
Idiom: Dropping like flies. Meaning: Many people either falling ill or dying..
Idiom: Dry run. Meaning: A rehearsal..
Idiom: Duvet day. Meaning: A work day which an employee is allowed to spend at home relaxing..
Idiom: Ear popping. Meaning: Sound that is loud or that catches the attention..
Idiom: Easy-peasy. Meaning: Something that is extremely easy. Often used by children. Sometimes used by adults to demote an achievement that was accomplished with little apparent effort..
Idiom: Eighty six. Meaning: Referring to an item on a menu that is no longer available..
Idiom: Elbow grease. Meaning: Energetic labour, especially in the polishing of household items..
Idiom: Elephant's trunk. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for drunk..
Idiom: Elvis has left the building. Meaning: The primary performer has left. There's no point waiting around..
Idiom: Enhanced interrogation techniques. Meaning: Euphemism for torture..
Idiom: Ethnic cleansing. Meaning: The singling out and killing of a specific ethnic group..
Idiom: Every cloud has a silver lining. Meaning: An encouragement to be optimistic. Even bad events have a good side to them..
Idiom: Everything but the kitchen sink. Meaning: Everything imaginable..
Idiom: Evil twin. Meaning: An imaginary double, humorously referred to in order to explain the uncharacteristic bad behaviour of a normally moral person. Usually used light-heartedly. The expression formed as an allusion to plots in films involving actual evil twins..
Idiom: Excuse my French. Meaning: Please forgive me for swearing..
Idiom: Eyebrow raising. Meaning: Something that creates shock or surprise..
Idiom: Face card. Meaning: The jack queen or king in a set of playing cards..
Idiom: Face the music. Meaning: Accept he unwelcome consequences of one's own actions..
Idiom: Factory farming. Meaning: Rearing livestock under industrial conditions..
Idiom: Fairytale ending. Meaning: A happy simplistic ending to a story similar to those found in fairy tales..
Idiom: Far cry from. Meaning: Very different from..
Idiom: Feeding frenzy. Meaning: A frantic competition or exploitation - like a group shark attack..
Idiom: Fell off the back of a lorry. Meaning: A coy reference to an item that has been stolen..
Idiom: Field day. Meaning: A day noted for remarkable or exciting events..
Idiom: Fiddlesticks. Meaning: An exclamation meaning 1. Nonsense; rubbish. 2. An indication of mild annoyance..
Idiom: Find your feet. Meaning: To become conscious of and develop one's expertise..
Idiom: Fire the imagination. Meaning: Inspire with enthusiasm..
Idiom: First among equals. Meaning: The most senior person in a group of equal rank..
Idiom: First footing. Meaning: Making a round of visits at New Year..
Idiom: First World problem. Meaning: A relatively trivial problem only affecting the affluent..
Idiom: First World. Meaning: The industrialised affluent and wealthy nations..
Idiom: Fixed in your ways. Meaning: Unwilling to change from your habitual way of doing things..
Idiom: Flea market. Meaning: A market used to buy and sell inexpensive goods. The kind of place that might sell carpets infested with fleas..
Idiom: Flea pit. Meaning: A downmarket cinema - allegedly verminous..
Idiom: Flesh and blood. Meaning: 1 - One's family. 2 - the bodily stuff we are made of..
Idiom: Flip the bird. Meaning: To aggressively raise your middle finger at someone as a sign of displeasure..
Idiom: Flog a dead horse. Meaning: To attempt to make progress with something that has no future..
Idiom: Flotsam and jetsam. Meaning: Assorted bits and pieces of rubbish; especially items that are found in the sea..
Idiom: Foam at the mouth. Meaning: To show vehement rage..
Idiom: Food fight. Meaning: Chaotic collective behaviour where items of food are thrown about wildly..
Idiom: Fools' gold. Meaning: Something that appears valuable but really isn't, like iron pyrites - a worthless mineral that resembles gold..
Idiom: Frock up. Meaning: Wear a smart or formal dress for a special occasion..
Idiom: Frog and toad. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for road..
Idiom: Fuddy-duddy. Meaning: An old-fashioned and foolish type of person..
Idiom: Full monty. Meaning: Everything possible. The whole thing..
Idiom: Full of bull. Meaning: Talking hot air..
Idiom: Funny farm. Meaning: A mental hospital..
Idiom: Gee gee. Meaning: Childish term for a horse..
Idiom: Gender bender. Meaning: A person who adopts a deliberately androgynous appearance, by use of uni-sex make-up, hair-style and clothing. Probably influenced by 'bender' being an earlier slang term for homosexual..
Idiom: George Raft. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for daft..
Idiom: Get a gold star. Meaning: Earn a merit point for doing well..
Idiom: Get down to brass tacks. Meaning: Concern yourself with the basic and important realities..
Idiom: Get off on the wrong foot. Meaning: Make a bad start in a relationship or task..
Idiom: Get on board. Meaning: Accept and participate with an idea or project..
Idiom: Get out of hand. Meaning: Become chaotic and uncontrollable..
Idiom: Get out of the wrong side of the bed. Meaning: .
Idiom: Get over it. Meaning: Move beyond something that is bothering you..
Idiom: Get your head around. Meaning: Understand something, especially something difficult to comprehend because it is complex or surprising..
Idiom: Ginger Beer. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for queer..
Idiom: Give him an inch and he'll take a mile. Meaning: allow someone a small concession and they will take advantage and try to take more..
Idiom: Give the benefit of the doubt. Meaning: Decide to believe a statement which isn't proven..
Idiom: Give the slip. Meaning: To get away from. To escape..
Idiom: Glass ceiling. Meaning: An unacknowledged or unseen discriminatory barrier that prevents women and minorities from rising to positions of power..
Idiom: Gnat's bollock. Meaning: A very small (imaginary) unit of measurement..
Idiom: Go ape shit. Meaning: Become excessively agitated and excited..
Idiom: Go belly (or tits) up. Meaning: Become badly and permanently inoperative..
Idiom: Go for broke. Meaning: Put every resource into getting a particular result..
Idiom: Go out on a limb. Meaning: Take a risk to support someone or something..
Idiom: Go the extra mile. Meaning: Going beyond what is usually required. Make an extra effort..
Idiom: Going to hell in a handbasket. Meaning: Deteriorating and headed for complete disaster..
Idiom: Good Samaritan. Meaning: Someone who compassionately helps another who is in need..
Idiom: Graveyard shift. Meaning: Working hours that extend overnight..
Idiom: Greasy spoon. Meaning: A small cheap cafe selling fried food..
Idiom: Great minds think alike. Meaning: Said ironically when two people have matching thoughts..
Idiom: Great scot. Meaning: Exclamation of surprise..
Idiom: Gregory Peck. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for neck..
Idiom: Gut feeling. Meaning: A personal intuition, based on feeling rather than fact..
Idiom: Had a good war. Meaning: To have been successful during a military campaign..
Idiom: Hair of the dog. Meaning: An alcoholic drink, intended to cure a hangover. It is mistakenly believed that a small measure of the same drink that made a person drunk will sober them up and cure the drinks ill effects. The expression is also used in other contexts, whenever an additional dose of whatever caused a problem is thought to be an appropriate remedy..
Idiom: Half inch. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for pinch..
Idiom: Happy sad. Meaning: A bittersweet feeling combining both happiness and sadness..
Idiom: Harry spankers. Meaning: Brand spanking new..
Idiom: Has the cat got your tongue?. Meaning: A question addressed to someone who is inexplicably silent. The implication is that the person's tongue is missing..
Idiom: Haste makes waste. Meaning: Doing things in a rush makes for a poor result..
Idiom: Hat trick. Meaning: A threefold feat in sports or some other activity..
Idiom: Have a blast. Meaning: Have an especially good time..
Idiom: Have a Captain Cook. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for look..
Idiom: He makes my flesh (or skin) crawl (or creep). Meaning: Said of someone who the speaker has a deep dislike of..
Idiom: Head over heels. Meaning: Very excited, especially when in love..
Idiom: Hear it on the grapevine. Meaning: Hear rumors about something from an anonymous informal contact..
Idiom: Heebie-jeebies. Meaning: A state of nervous anxiety or fear..
Idiom: Hell bent. Meaning: Determined to achieve something at all costs..
Idiom: Help yourself. Meaning: Invitation to take something freely..
Idiom: Hidden in plain sight. Meaning: Something that defies apprehension by being too obvious..
Idiom: High and mighty. Meaning: Proud and arrogant..
Idiom: High on the hog. Meaning: Luxurious..
Idiom: High season. Meaning: The most popular time to visit a resort or attraction - when prices are highest..
Idiom: Hit the books. Meaning: To study, especially for a test or exam..
Idiom: Hit the hay. Meaning: .
Idiom: Hit the nail on the head. Meaning: Make the precise correct point..
Idiom: Hit the sack. Meaning: Retire to bed..
Idiom: Hobson's choice. Meaning: 1. A choice forced upon someone. 2. Cockney rhyming slang for voice..
Idiom: Hocus pocus. Meaning: A term used to denote magic or trickery..
Idiom: Hold your horses. Meaning: Be patient..
Idiom: Holy shit. Meaning: An expression of extreme surprise or disbelief..
Idiom: I can't be doing with it. Meaning: I am unwilling to tolerate it..
Idiom: I can't think straight. Meaning: I'm overwhelmed and stressed and it is affecting my ability to think..
Idiom: I'm good to go. Meaning: I am ready to participate..
Idiom: If it's not one thing, it's another. Meaning: Said after more than one thing goes wrong..
Idiom: In cahoots with. Meaning: To be in a partnership with, often for unscrupulous purposes..
Idiom: In a nutshell. Meaning: In a few words. Concisely stated..
Idiom: In like Flynn. Meaning: To be easily successful, especially concerning sex or romance..
Idiom: In limbo. Meaning: In an uncertain situation, over which you have no control (a reference to the state of being outside both heaven and hell)..
Idiom: In the bag. Meaning: Something that is secured..
Idiom: In the buff. Meaning: Naked..
Idiom: In the heat of the moment. Meaning: In an overwhelming situation, causing you to act rashly..
Idiom: In the same boat. Meaning: Jointly facing the same predicament..
Idiom: In your face. Meaning: Aggressive confrontation..
Idiom: Inside job. Meaning: A crime committed by or with the help of someone living or working in the place that it took place..
Idiom: It never rains but it pours. Meaning: When troubles come they often come together..
Idiom: It takes two to tango. Meaning: It takes two people to cause a problem between them..
Idiom: It's a small world. Meaning: Said when people meet unexpectedly, away from their usual haunts..
Idiom: It's all gone Pete Tong. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for gone wrong..
Idiom: It's not rocket science. Meaning: Said of something that isn't complex or difficult to understand..
Idiom: Ivy league. Meaning: The joint name given to Columbia, Brown, Cornell, Dartmouth, Yale, Pennsylvania, Princeton, and Harvard universities..
Idiom: Jack Palancing. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for dancing..
Idiom: Jam jar. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for car..
Idiom: Jelly belly. Meaning: An overweight person..
Idiom: Jimmy Riddle. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for piddle..
Idiom: Joshing me. Meaning: Tricking me..
Idiom: Jump on the bandwagon. Meaning: Join a popular trend..
Idiom: Jump the shark. Meaning: Introduce a ridiculous or unbelievable plot device into a TV series in order to boost flagging ratings..
Idiom: Just deserts. Meaning: The result which is deserved. A reward for what has been done - good or bad..
Idiom: Keep an eye on. Meaning: Observe carefully to make sure something bad isn't done..
Idiom: Keep at bay. Meaning: Keep something away..
Idiom: Keep body and soul together. Meaning: Earn sufficient money in order to keep yourself alive..
Idiom: Keep your chin up. Meaning: Remain positive in a tough situation..
Idiom: Khyber pass. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for arse..
Idiom: Kick the bucket. Meaning: Die..
Idiom: Kill two birds with one stone. Meaning: Accomplish two things with a single action..
Idiom: Knee jerk reaction. Meaning: A quick and automatic response..
Idiom: Knee trembler. Meaning: Sexual intercourse between two people standing up..
Idiom: Knock on wood. Meaning: Knuckle tapping on wood in order to avoid bad luck or to continue having good luck..
Idiom: Know the ropes. Meaning: To understand how to do something..
Idiom: Lame duck. Meaning: A person or thing that is no longer properly able to function. Also, more specifically, a person in authority, for example a president or prime minister, in their final period of office after a successor has already been elected..
Idiom: Last but not least. Meaning: An introduction, intended to let the audience know that the last person mentioned is not the least important..
Idiom: Last straw. Meaning: The last of a series of problems, which pushes one's endurance beyond its limits..
Idiom: Lend me your ear. Meaning: Politely ask for someones full attention..
Idiom: Let bygones be bygones. Meaning: Allow a disagreement or argument to be put in the past..
Idiom: Let sleeping dogs lie. Meaning: Avoid restarting a conflict..
Idiom: Let the cat out of the bag. Meaning: Share a secret that wasn't intended to be shared..
Idiom: Let your hair down. Meaning: Behave in a free an uninhibited manner. Usually applied to women..
Idiom: Let's rewind. Meaning: A suggestion that the thing under consideration has gone along unproductive lines and should be looked at again from the beginning..
Idiom: Level playing field. Meaning: Fair competition where no side has an advantage..
Idiom: Like a chicken with its head cut off. Meaning: In a frenzied manner..
Idiom: Link rot. Meaning: The tendency of WWW addresses to become out of date and point to unavailable pages..
Idiom: Link farm. Meaning: A website that exists primarily to display links to another website, with the intention of improving the search status of the second site..
Idiom: Liquor someone up. Meaning: To supply or to drink alcoholic drink..
Idiom: Little devil. Meaning: An exclamation of surprise and annoyance, directed at someone who has behaved badly or performed some kind of prank. Often applied to children..
Idiom: Little fish in a big pond. Meaning: Someone considered unimportant compared to their more significant peers..
Idiom: Loaf of bread. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for head..
Idiom: Long in the tooth. Meaning: Old..
Idiom: Loose cannon. Meaning: Someone who is unpredictable and can cause damage by being reckless..
Idiom: Lord Fred. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for bed..
Idiom: Lose your head. Meaning: Overcome by emotion and out of control..
Idiom: Lose your touch. Meaning: Lose an ability that you used to possess..
Idiom: Magic mushroom. Meaning: A type of mushroom with hallucinogenic properties - sometimes known as 'shrooms'..
Idiom: Make a scene. Meaning: Cause a disturbance..
Idiom: Make no bones about. Meaning: To state a fact so there are no doubts about it..
Idiom: Man cave. Meaning: A shed or some other retreat that men decorate in the way they choose (with or without their male friends) and use to relax in traditional male pursuits..
Idiom: Many happy returns. Meaning: A toast given to someone on their birthday..
Idiom: Mate's rates. Meaning: A discount price offered to friends..
Idiom: Mea culpa. Meaning: I'm to blame..
Idiom: Mellow yellow. Meaning: Dried banana peel, used as an intoxicant..
Idiom: Men in suits. Meaning: Conventionally minded and dressed men who hold positions of authority. Also called just 'suits'..
Idiom: Method to my madness. Meaning: Odd actions that appear meaningless but are done for a good reason..
Idiom: Mince pies. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for eyes..
Idiom: Mind your language. Meaning: An admonition not to swear..
Idiom: Miss the boat. Meaning: Missed the chance to take an opportunity..
Idiom: Mrs. Mop. Meaning: traditional English name for a cleaning woman..
Idiom: Mumbo jumbo. Meaning: Nonsense or meaningless speech..
Idiom: Mum's the word. Meaning: Keep quiet. Say nothing..
Idiom: Mutt and Jeff. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for deaf..
Idiom: My old china. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for mate..
Idiom: My old Dutch. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for duchess..
Idiom: Nail it. Meaning: To perform something particularly well..
Idiom: Nest egg. Meaning: Savings set aside for future use..
Idiom: Never-never land. Meaning: A utopian dreamland..
Idiom: New arrival. Meaning: Colloquial term for a new-born baby..
Idiom: New kid on the block. Meaning: Someone new to the group or area..
Idiom: New York minute. Meaning: A short space of time..
Idiom: Nine to five. Meaning: A standard office day, between 9am and 5pm. Often used to denote the boring nature of the weekly working routine..
Idiom: Nip slip. Meaning: The inadvertent exposure of a womans nipple..
Idiom: Nitty-gritty. Meaning: The important aspects of a situation; the heart of the matter..
Idiom: No dice. Meaning: A refusal to accept a proposition..
Idiom: No room to swing a cat. Meaning: An awkward or confined space..
Idiom: No rush. Meaning: Said to someone to indicate that you aren't in a hurry for them to complete their task..
Idiom: No saint. Meaning: Someone who might claim to be of good behaviour but has in fact a sordid past..
Idiom: No spring chicken. Meaning: Said of people who are no longer young but may behave as though they were..
Idiom: Nose around. Meaning: Investigate in an off-hand manner..
Idiom: North and south. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for mouth..
Idiom: Not all there. Meaning: Not in possession of one's mental faculties..
Idiom: Not playing with a full deck. Meaning: Someone who lacks intelligence..
Idiom: Off one's rocker. Meaning: Crazy; out of one's mind..
Idiom: Off the hook. Meaning: No longer having to deal with something..
Idiom: Off the record. Meaning: Something said in confidence that the one speaking doesn't want repeated..
Idiom: Old chestnut. Meaning: A story that has been told repeatedly and which has lost any originality..
Idiom: On a hiding to nothing. Meaning: Faced with a hopeless situation, even after making one's best efforts..
Idiom: On a wing and a prayer. Meaning: In a difficult situation and reliant on luck to get out of it..
Idiom: On cloud nine. Meaning: Blissfully happy..
Idiom: On the ball. Meaning: With a good understanding of a situation and a readiness to act..
Idiom: On the fence. Meaning: Unwilling to give one's view about which side you support..
Idiom: On the record. Meaning: Something said in confidence that the one speaking is happy to have repeated..
Idiom: On the same page. Meaning: Several people agreeing..
Idiom: On your Tod. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for alone..
Idiom: Once in a blue moon. Meaning: A rare occurrence..
Idiom: Open warfare. Meaning: Engaged in active fighting or dispute..
Idiom: Out of sight. Meaning: Still used with its literal meaning of 'beyond the range of sight' but more commonly used in its hippie-era meaning of 'excellent; extraordinary'..
Idiom: Out of the blue. Meaning: Suddenly and unexpectedly..
Idiom: Out on the town. Meaning: Out enjoying oneself..
Idiom: Over my dead body. Meaning: Said when you absolutely refuse to allow something to happen..
Idiom: Over the top. Meaning: Excessive..
Idiom: Paint the town red. Meaning: Go on a boisterous or exuberant spree.
Idiom: Partner up. Meaning: Find a companion..
Idiom: Pass the buck. Meaning: Avoid responsibility by giving it to someone else..
Idiom: Pedal to the metal. Meaning: To go at full speed, when driving a vehicle..
Idiom: Peachy keen. Meaning: Excellent; wonderful..
Idiom: Peeping Tom. Meaning: Someone who covertly observes sexually active or naked people..
Idiom: Peg out. Meaning: 1. To die, especially to die of old age. 2. To complete a circuit of the board in the card game cribbage..
Idiom: Pen and ink. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for stink..
Idiom: Perfect pitch. Meaning: The ability to determine a musical note by ear..
Idiom: Phone it in. Meaning: Perform an act in an uncommitted disinterested manner..
Idiom: Photo bomb. Meaning: Spoil a photograph by unexpectedly appearing in the picture and taking the attention away from the intended subject - usually as a prank..
Idiom: Pig out. Meaning: To overeat in a slovenly manner..
Idiom: Pig's ear. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for beer..
Idiom: Pigs might fly. Meaning: Said when referring to something that is highly unlikely..
Idiom: Pipe down. Meaning: An instruction to shut-up or be quiet..
Idiom: Plates of meat. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for feet..
Idiom: Play Devil's advocate. Meaning: A person who takes a contrary position from the one being presented, either for the sake of argument or to test the validity of the opposing point of view..
Idiom: Play the field. Meaning: Indulge in a series of sexual relationships..
Idiom: Play safe. Meaning: Avoid risk..
Idiom: Pommy bashing. Meaning: Australian slang term for physical or verbal attacks on the English..
Idiom: Porky pies. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for lies..
Idiom: Potatoes (or taters) in the mould. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for cold..
Idiom: Potty mouth. Meaning: A foul mouthed person..
Idiom: Practice makes perfect. Meaning: Diligent practice leads to expertise..
Idiom: Prick up your ears. Meaning: Listen very carefully - like a dog or horse with erect ears..
Idiom: Pull the plug. Meaning: Bring something to an end..
Idiom: Pull the wool over someone's eyes. Meaning: Deceive someone..
Idiom: Pull your horns in. Meaning: Become less ambitious; curb your enthusiasm..
Idiom: Pulling your leg. Meaning: Tricking someone as a joke..
Idiom: Put a sock in it. Meaning: An instruction to a noisy person or a group to be quiet..
Idiom: Quality time. Meaning: Time spent with a child, spouse or friend in an uninterrupted and attentive way..
Idiom: Queer street. Meaning: The imaginary location of people who have major problems in their life, especially debt. (Note: not a real place, nor connected to homosexuality).
Idiom: Queer the pitch. Meaning: Ruin a plan or undertaking..
Idiom: Rabbit and pork. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for talk..
Idiom: Rags to riches. Meaning: From poverty to wealth..
Idiom: Raining cats and dogs. Meaning: Raining very heavily..
Idiom: Red letter day. Meaning: A significant, important or happy day..
Idiom: Red tape. Meaning: Bureaucracy, especially in public business..
Idiom: Rest up. Meaning: Take a break from one's efforts..
Idiom: Revenge porn. Meaning: The malicious posting of sexual images online to harm the reputation of an ex partner..
Idiom: Riding shotgun. Meaning: Riding in the front passenger seat of a car..
Idiom: Ring fencing. Meaning: Earmarking funds to guarantee a specific project can go ahead..
Idiom: Rise and shine. Meaning: Instruction to get out of bed and get ready for work..
Idiom: Rome was not built in one day. Meaning: Major and important projects take time..
Idiom: Rosie Lea. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for tea..
Idiom: Ruby Murray. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for curry..
Idiom: Rule of thumb. Meaning: A rough estimate..
Idiom: Run out of steam. Meaning: Completely out of energy..
Idiom: Sad-ass. Meaning: A reference to an inept or undesirable person or thing..
Idiom: Salad days. Meaning: The days of one's youthful inexperience and enthusiasm..
Idiom: Saved by the bell. Meaning: Saved by a last minute intervention..
Idiom: Scarper Flow. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for go..
Idiom: Scot-free. Meaning: Without payment..
Idiom: Scrape together. Meaning: To manage, with difficulty, enough of what is needed - especially money..
Idiom: Scrub up. Meaning: Make an effort to present oneself well dressed and smartly turned out..
Idiom: See eye to eye. Meaning: When two or more people agree..
Idiom: Sexton Blake. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for fake..
Idiom: Shoot down in flames. Meaning: Destroy an argument or theory..
Idiom: Shoot straight. Meaning: To talk or deal honestly..
Idiom: Shoot through. Meaning: To leave or abscond..
Idiom: Shovel ready. Meaning: A building project in which all the preliminaries have been arranged..
Idiom: Side boob. Meaning: The side of a female breast revealed by skimpy clothing..
Idiom: Silver bullet. Meaning: A simple and seeming effortless solution to a difficult problem..
Idiom: Silver fox. Meaning: A handsome grey-haired man..
Idiom: Silver surfer. Meaning: An older person who uses the World Wide Web..
Idiom: Silver threads amongst the gold. Meaning: Blonde hair that is turning grey..
Idiom: Silver tongued. Meaning: Eloquent or persuasive manner of speech..
Idiom: Sit tight. Meaning: Wait and take do nothing until the time is right for action..
Idiom: Sixth sense. Meaning: An imaginary intuitive facility..
Idiom: Skid row. Meaning: The rundown area of a city inhabited by the destitute..
Idiom: Smell a rat. Meaning: To begin to suspect that things aren't as they should be..
Idiom: Smell something fishy. Meaning: Detect that something isn't as it should be..
Idiom: Sniff test. Meaning: Sniff an item of clothing (or food) to check if it might be suitable to wear (or eat)..
Idiom: Son of a gun. Meaning: A rogue..
Idiom: Sparrow fart. Meaning: Jokey term for the early morning..
Idiom: Spitting image. Meaning: The exact likeness..
Idiom: Spoiler alert. Meaning: Said, or printed, as a warning that the following will give away the ending or important plot development of a drama..
Idiom: Steal someone's thunder. Meaning: Hurt someone who was close to us by betraying them secretly and breaking their trust..
Idiom: Steal someone's thunder. Meaning: Take the credit for something someone else did..
Idiom: Step up to the mark. Meaning: Mark yourself ready to take responsibility..
Idiom: Stitch up. Meaning: 1. Put someone in difficulty, often by making it appear that they are to blame for a misdemeanour. 2. Repair with needle and thread..
Idiom: Straight from the horse's mouth. Meaning: Heard from the authoritative source..
Idiom: Stranger things have happened. Meaning: Said when the feasibility of some unlikely event is questioned..
Idiom: Suck it up. Meaning: Accept a bad situation..
Idiom: Swing by. Meaning: Drop in for a visit..
Idiom: Swipe right. Meaning: (On the dating app Tinder) to indicate that you find someone unattractive by dragging one's finger to the right, across their screen image..
Idiom: Syrup of figs. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for wig..
Idiom: Take a butchers. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for look..
Idiom: Take a raincheck. Meaning: An offer that is declined now but may be reconsidered later..
Idiom: Take with a grain of salt. Meaning: Don't take what someone says too seriously - the the implication that it isn't true..
Idiom: Talk of the devil!. Meaning: Said when someone that you have just been talking about arrives..
Idiom: Tea leaf. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for thief..
Idiom: That Friday feeling. Meaning: Anticipation of the weekend after a hard working week..
Idiom: That sucks. Meaning: 1. An expression of sympathy. 2. Said of something that the speaker rates very lowly..
Idiom: The acid test. Meaning: 1. A scientific test to distinguish between gold and base metals. 2. A conclusive test to determine the validity of a claim..
Idiom: The apple of my eye. Meaning: Someone who is cherished above all others..
Idiom: The author of your own misfortune. Meaning: Be to blame for one's own problems..
Idiom: The ball is in your court. Meaning: It is your turn to make a decision..
Idiom: The best of both worlds. Meaning: The benefits available from two apparently conflicting options..
Idiom: The best thing since sliced bread. Meaning: An outstandingly good idea or plan..
Idiom: The Big Pond. Meaning: Nickname of the Atlantic Ocean between the UK and the USA..
Idiom: The bull in the bowler hat. Meaning: Jokey term for artificial insemination..
Idiom: The empty chair. Meaning: The perceived absense of someone who is recently deceased..
Idiom: The fog of war. Meaning: Confusion caused by the chaos of battle..
Idiom: The glorious twelfth. Meaning: The 12th of August - the start of the British grouse shooting season..
Idiom: The hair of the dog. Meaning: An alcoholic drink, intended to cure a hangover. It is mistakenly believed that a small measure of the same drink that made a person drunk will sober them up and cure the drinks ill effects. The expression is also used in other contexts, whenever an additional dose of whatever caused a problem is thought to be an appropriate remedy..
Idiom: Heebie-jeebies. Meaning: A state of nervous anxiety or fear..
Idiom: The God Squad. Meaning: enthusiastic Christian believers..
Idiom: The icing on the cake. Meaning: Something that makes a good situation even better..
Idiom: The last straw. Meaning: The last of a series of problems, which pushes one's endurance beyond its limits..
Idiom: Nitty-gritty. Meaning: The important aspects of a situation; the heart of the matter..
Idiom: The sound of leather on willow. Meaning: The sound of the ball on the bat in cricket..
Idiom: The tail is wagging the dog. Meaning: A small and usually insignificant factor (or person) dominates over one that is normally more powerful and influential..
Idiom: The town bike. Meaning: Promiscuous woman..
Idiom: The whole nine yards. Meaning: The full entirety of something..
Idiom: The wheels have come off. Meaning: Said when a previously promising enterprise goes irretrievably wrong..
Idiom: Third time lucky. Meaning: Said when trying something for the third time..
Idiom: Third time's a charm. Meaning: The third try is often successful..
Idiom: Throw the towel in. Meaning: Give up, especially to avoid further punishment when facing certain defeat..
Idiom: Tie the knot. Meaning: Get married..
Idiom: Til the cows come home. Meaning: A long time to wait..
Idiom: Titfer tat. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for hat..
Idiom: To cut a long story short. Meaning: Said when a storyteller doesn't want to bore his audience with a long involved account..
Idiom: Tongue in cheek. Meaning: Humorously, not to be taken seriously..
Idiom: Top banana. Meaning: The leading, most important, person in a group or organisation..
Idiom: Tour de force. Meaning: A feat of strength power or skill..
Idiom: Toy-boy. Meaning: A woman's much younger male lover..
Idiom: Trouble and strife. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for wife..
Idiom: Turn a blind eye. Meaning: Refuse to acknowledge something that you know is genuine..
Idiom: Twist someone's arm. Meaning: Persuade someone to do something they don't really want to do..
Idiom: Twenty three skidoo. Meaning: Invitation to go away..
Idiom: Two and eight. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for state..
Idiom: Uncle Dick. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for sick..
Idiom: Uncle Tom. Meaning: A derogatory term for a black man who is servile towards white men..
Idiom: Under the weather. Meaning: Feeling ill..
Idiom: Unlucky in love. Meaning: Having been unable to find a long-term romantic partner..
Idiom: Up a blind alley. Meaning: On a fruitless course of action..
Idiom: Up shit creek without a paddle. Meaning: In serious difficulty, with no hope of respite..
Idiom: Ups a daisy. Meaning: A saying, usually to a child, after a stumble or fall, to encourage them to get up. (ups is a variant of whoops)..
Idiom: Us versus them. Meaning: Denoting the enmity between two opposing groups..
Idiom: Use your loaf. Meaning: Think smart..
Idiom: Van Gogh's ear for music. Meaning: Tone deaf..
Idiom: Variety is the spice of life. Meaning: Increased experience makes for a more exciting life..
Idiom: Vatican roulette. Meaning: The rhythm method of birth control..
Idiom: Wardrobe malfunction. Meaning: Referring to an item of clothing slipping out of place to expose part of the body..
Idiom: Washed up. Meaning: 1. Deposited on a beach by the tide. 2. Finished and failed, with no further chance of success..
Idiom: Water under the bridge. Meaning: A past experience that you prefer not to affect your current life..
Idiom: Wear your heart on your sleeve. Meaning: Openly express your emotions..
Idiom: Well hung. Meaning: Said of a man with large genitals..
Idiom: Wet behind the ears. Meaning: Young and naive, like a new-born baby..
Idiom: Where there's muck there's brass. Meaning: Dirt and muddle are evidence of products being manufactured and money (brass) being made..
Idiom: Whipper snapper. Meaning: A child or impertinent youth..
Idiom: Whistle and flute. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for suit..
Idiom: White elephant. Meaning: An object that appears magnificent but which is a burdensome financial liability..
Idiom: Wild and woolly. Meaning: Uncultured and lawless..
Idiom: Wind someone up. Meaning: Deliberately draw attention to something with the intention of causing trouble..
Idiom: Wine and dine. Meaning: Entertain in a high class restaurant..
Idiom: Winter drawers on. Meaning: British euphemistic joke..
Idiom: Work out. Meaning: 1. Calculate using arithmetic. 2. Take exercise (also spelled 'workout')..
Idiom: Word for word. Meaning: An exact, precisely corresponding to, copy of another's words..
Idiom: Worse for wear. Meaning: Either 1. Shabby and worn out, or 2. Drunk..
Idiom: Would you Adam and Eve it?. Meaning: Cockney rhyming slang for would you believe it?.
Idiom: Wouldn't be caught dead. Meaning: Referring to something you absolutely refuse to do..
Idiom: X marks the spot. Meaning: Said of a location that indicates something significant - like a pirate's mark on a treasure map..
Idiom: Yarn bombing. Meaning: The adorning of public buildings with knitted or crocheted material - either for fun or to make a political point..
Idiom: Yellow belly. Meaning: A coward..
Idiom: You are what you eat. Meaning: What you eat affects you health..
Idiom: You can lead a horse to water. Meaning: You can encourage someone to to do something but, in the end, what they do is their own choice..
Idiom: You can't judge a book by its cover. Meaning: Decisions can't be made solely on appearance..
Idiom: You can't teach and old dog new tricks. Meaning: Once animals (and people) are set in their ways they struggle to assimilate new ideas..
Idiom: You can't take it with you. Meaning: Suggestion that you should spend money and live life now as it will be no use to you after you die..
Idiom: Your guess is as good as mine. Meaning: I have no idea..
Idiom: Your name is mud. Meaning: You are discredited or in disgrace. The very mention of your name produces scorn..
Idiom: Your number is up. Meaning: It is now your turn. For instance, if 1. You are about to die. or 2. You have won a lottery..
Idiom: Zip your lip. Meaning: Say nothing; keep your mouth shut. Often shortened to 'zip it'..
Slang: 2day. Meaning: today.
Slang: 2m2h. Meaning: too much too handle.
Slang: 2moro. Meaning: tomorrow.
Slang: 2nite. Meaning: tonight.
Slang: 4eae. Meaning: for ever and ever.
Slang: aaf. Meaning: always and forever.
Slang: aar. Meaning: at any rate.
Slang: aayf. Meaning: as always your friend.
Slang: abd. Meaning: already been done.
Slang: ack. Meaning: acknowledge.
Slang: adih. Meaning: another day in hell.
Slang: adn. Meaning: any day now.
Slang: adr. Meaning: all due respect.
Slang: aeap. Meaning: as early as possible.
Slang: afaic. Meaning: as far as i am concerned.
Slang: afaik. Meaning: as far as i know.
Slang: aka. Meaning: also known as.
Slang: ama. Meaning: ask me anything against medical advice.
Slang: ambw. Meaning: all my best wishes.
Slang: aml. Meaning: all my love.
Slang: aota. Meaning: all of the above.
Slang: asap. Meaning: as soon as possible.
Slang: atb. Meaning: all the best.
Slang: ateotd. Meaning: at the end of the day.
Slang: atm. Meaning: at the moment automated teller machine .
Slang: awol. Meaning: absent without leave.
Slang: aydy. Meaning: are you done yet.
Slang: ayec. Meaning: at your earliest convenience.
Slang: ayor. Meaning: at your own risk.
Slang: ays. Meaning: are you serious.
Slang: aysos. Meaning: are you stupid or something.
Slang: ayt. Meaning: are you there.
Slang: b/c. Meaning: because.
Slang: b4. Meaning: before.
Slang: b4n. Meaning: bye for now.
Slang: bau. Meaning: business as usual.
Slang: bbiaf. Meaning: be back in a few.
Slang: bbiam. Meaning: be back in a minute.
Slang: bbias. Meaning: be back in a sec.
Slang: bbs. Meaning: be back soon bulletin board system.
Slang: bbt. Meaning: be back tomorrow.
Slang: bcnu. Meaning: be seeing you.
Slang: bcoy. Meaning: big crush on you.
Slang: bd. Meaning: big deal.
Slang: bf. Meaning: boy friend.
Slang: bfaw. Meaning: best friend at work.
Slang: bfd. Meaning: big freaking deal.
Slang: bff. Meaning: best friends forever.
Slang: bffn. Meaning: best friend for now.
Slang: bfn. Meaning: bye for now.
Slang: bg. Meaning: bad game baby gangster.
Slang: bgwm. Meaning: be gentle with me.
Slang: bhl8. Meaning: be home late.
Slang: bib. Meaning: boss is back.
Slang: bn. Meaning: bad news.
Slang: bol. Meaning: be on later.
Slang: bot. Meaning: back on topic.
Slang: boyf. Meaning: boyfriend.
Slang: brb. Meaning: be right back.
Slang: brh. Meaning: be right here.
Slang: bro. Meaning: brother.
Slang: brt. Meaning: be right there.
Slang: bt. Meaning: but.
Slang: btw. Meaning: by the way.
Slang: byoc. Meaning: bring your own computer.
Slang: cmb. Meaning: call me back.
Slang: cmiiw. Meaning: correct me if i am wrong.
Slang: cob. Meaning: close of business.
Slang: csl. Meaning: cannot stop laughing.
Slang: cu. Meaning: see you.
Slang: cua. Meaning: see you around.
Slang: cul. Meaning: see you later.
Slang: cwyl. Meaning: chat with you later.
Slang: cya. Meaning: cover your ass.
Slang: cye. Meaning: check your email.
Slang: cyo. Meaning: see you online.
Slang: dkdc. Meaning: do not know do not care.
Slang: dm. Meaning: do not mind does not matter direct message.
Slang: dts. Meaning: down the shore down to snuggle.
Slang: dur. Meaning: do you remember.
Slang: dwbh. Meaning: do not worry be happy.
Slang: e1. Meaning: everyone.
Slang: ef4t. Meaning: effort.
Slang: eod. Meaning: end of discussion.
Slang: f2f. Meaning: face to face.
Slang: ftf. Meaning: face to face.
Slang: faq. Meaning: frequently asked questions.
Slang: fb. Meaning: facebook.
Slang: ff. Meaning: follow friday.
Slang: fish. Meaning: first in still here.
Slang: fitb. Meaning: fill in the blank.
Slang: ftbomh. Meaning: from the bottom of my heart.
Slang: ftl. Meaning: for the loss.
Slang: ftw. Meaning: for the win.
Slang: fwb. Meaning: friend with benefits.
Slang: fwiw. Meaning: for what it is worth.
Slang: fyeo. Meaning: for your eyes only.
Slang: fyi. Meaning: for your information.
Slang: g4c. Meaning: going for coffee.
Slang: ga. Meaning: go ahead.
Slang: gac. Meaning: guilty as charged get a clue.
Slang: gas. Meaning: greetings and salutations.
Slang: gb. Meaning: great britain gigabyte.
Slang: gbu. Meaning: god bless you.
Slang: gf. Meaning: girl friend.
Slang: gfn. Meaning: gone for now.
Slang: glhf. Meaning: good luck have fun.
Slang: gmta. Meaning: great minds think alike.
Slang: gnite. Meaning: good night.
Slang: gr8. Meaning: great.
Slang: gratz. Meaning: congratulations.
Slang: grl. Meaning: girl.
Slang: gtsy. Meaning: good to see you.
Slang: h&k. Meaning: hugs and kisses.
Slang: h2cus. Meaning: hope to see you soon.
Slang: h8. Meaning: hate.
Slang: hag1. Meaning: have a good one.
Slang: hagn. Meaning: have a good night.
Slang: hand. Meaning: have a nice day.
Slang: hawt. Meaning: hot having a wonderful time.
Slang: hmb. Meaning: hit me back .
Slang: hmu. Meaning: hit me up.
Slang: hoas. Meaning: hold on a second.
Slang: hru. Meaning: how are you.
Slang: ht. Meaning: hat tip  home time handheld transceiver.
Slang: hth. Meaning: hope that helps how the hell.
Slang: hw. Meaning: homework.
Slang: iac. Meaning: in any case.
Slang: iae. Meaning: in any event.
Slang: ianal. Meaning: i am not a lawyer .
Slang: iao. Meaning: i am out.
Slang: ic. Meaning: i see.
Slang: icymi. Meaning: in case you missed it.
Slang: idc. Meaning: i do not care.
Slang: ihni. Meaning: i have no idea.
Slang: iirc. Meaning: if i remember correctly.
Slang: ikr. Meaning: i know right.
Slang: ily. Meaning: i love you.
Slang: im. Meaning: instant message.
Slang: imho. Meaning: in my humble opinion.
Slang: imo. Meaning: in my opinion.
Slang: ims. Meaning: irritable male syndrome.
Slang: irl. Meaning: in real life.
Slang: isly. Meaning: i still love you.
Slang: iso. Meaning: in search of.
Slang: iu2u. Meaning: it is up to you.
Slang: iykwim. Meaning: if you know what i mean.
Slang: j/k. Meaning: just kidding.
Slang: j4f. Meaning: just for fun.
Slang: jff. Meaning: just for fun.
Slang: jic. Meaning: just in case.
Slang: jlmk. Meaning: just let me know.
Slang: jmo. Meaning: just my opinion.
Slang: jsyk. Meaning: just so you know.
Slang: jw. Meaning: just wondering.
Slang: k. Meaning: okay.
Slang: kk. Meaning: okay.
Slang: kiss. Meaning: keep it simple stupid.
Slang: kit. Meaning: keep in touch.
Slang: l8. Meaning: late.
Slang: l8r. Meaning: later.
Slang: lho. Meaning: laughing head off.
Slang: lmao. Meaning: laughing my ass off.
Slang: lmbo. Meaning: laughing my butt off.
Slang: lmk. Meaning: let me know.
Slang: lol. Meaning: laughing out loud.
Slang: loti. Meaning: laughing on the inside.
Slang: ltns. Meaning: long time no see.
Slang: lylas. Meaning: love you like a sister.
Slang: lysm. Meaning: love you so much.
Slang: mc. Meaning: master of ceremonies.
Slang: mgmt. Meaning: the management .
Slang: mm. Meaning: married man.
Slang: msm. Meaning: mainstream media.
Slang: mu. Meaning: multi user.
Slang: myob. Meaning: mind your own business.
Slang: nagi. Meaning: not a good idea.
Slang: nfm. Meaning: no further message.
Slang: nfs. Meaning: not for sale.
Slang: nm. Meaning: never mind nothing much no message.
Slang: noyb. Meaning: none of your business.
Slang: np. Meaning: no problem.
Slang: nsfl. Meaning: not safe for life.
Slang: nsfw. Meaning: not safe for work.
Slang: nts. Meaning: nothing to say note to self.
Slang: nvm. Meaning: never mind.
Slang: oh. Meaning: other half.
Slang: oic. Meaning: oh i see.
Slang: omg. Meaning: oh my god.
Slang: omw. Meaning: on my way.
Slang: orly. Meaning: oh really.
Slang: ot. Meaning: off topic.
Slang: otb. Meaning: off the boat.
Slang: otoh. Meaning: on the other hand.
Slang: otp. Meaning: one true pairing.
Slang: ott. Meaning: over the top.
Slang: paw. Meaning: parents are watching.
Slang: pcm. Meaning: please call me.
Slang: pls. Meaning: please.
Slang: pov. Meaning: point of view.
Slang: ppl. Meaning: people.
Slang: ptb. Meaning: powers that be pass the buck please text back.
Slang: ptmm. Meaning: please tell me more.
Slang: qq. Meaning: crying.
Slang: rak. Meaning: random act of kindness.
Slang: rbtl. Meaning: read between the lines.
Slang: rip. Meaning: rest in peace.
Slang: rl. Meaning: real life.
Slang: rofl. Meaning: rolling on floor laughing.
Slang: rt . Meaning: real time.
Slang: rtm. Meaning: read the manual.
Slang: rys. Meaning: are you single.
Slang: sby. Meaning: somebody.
Slang: sfaik. Meaning: so far as i know.
Slang: sh. Meaning: same here.
Slang: simyc. Meaning: sorry i missed your call.
Slang: sis. Meaning: sister.
Slang: sitd. Meaning: still in the dark.
Slang: smh. Meaning: shaking my head.
Slang: sol. Meaning: sooner or later.
Slang: srsly. Meaning: seriously.
Slang: sry. Meaning: sorry.
Slang: ssdd. Meaning: same stuff different day.
Slang: stby. Meaning: sucks to be you.
Slang: swak. Meaning: sealed  with a kiss.
Slang: swyp. Meaning: so what is your problem.
Slang: tafn. Meaning: that is all for now.
Slang: tba. Meaning: to be announced.
Slang: tbc. Meaning: to be continued.
Slang: tbh. Meaning: to be honest.
Slang: tbl. Meaning: text back later.
Slang: tcb. Meaning: taking care of  business.
Slang: tfh. Meaning: thread from hell.
Slang: tfs. Meaning: thanks for sharing.
Slang: tfti. Meaning: thanks for the info.
Slang: tgif. Meaning: thank god it is friday.
Slang: thx. Meaning: thanks.
Slang: tia. Meaning: thanks in advance.
Slang: tiad. Meaning: tomorrow is another day.
Slang: time. Meaning: tears in my eyes.
Slang: tlc. Meaning: tender loving care.
Slang: tlk2ul8r. Meaning: talk to you later.
Slang: tmi. Meaning: too much information.
Slang: tmrw. Meaning: tomorrow.
Slang: ttyl. Meaning: talk to you later.
Slang: ttys. Meaning: talk to you soon.
Slang: tyfyc. Meaning: thank you for your comment.
Slang: tyvm. Meaning: thank you very much.
Slang: u4e. Meaning: you forever.
Slang: ur. Meaning: your.
Slang: vat. Meaning: value added tax.
Slang: vbg. Meaning: very big grin.
Slang: vsf. Meaning: very sad face.
Slang: wam. Meaning: wait a minute what a mess.
Slang: wb. Meaning: welcome back.
Slang: wc. Meaning: who cares.
Slang: we. Meaning: whatever.
Slang: weg. Meaning: wicked evil grin.
Slang: witp. Meaning: what is the point.
Slang: wknd. Meaning: weekend.
Slang: wtf. Meaning: what the fuck.
Slang: wth. Meaning: what or where or who the hell.
Slang: wtpa. Meaning: where the party at.
Slang: wuf. Meaning: where are you from.
Slang: wycm. Meaning: will you call me.
Slang: wywh. Meaning: wish you were here.
Slang: xlnt. Meaning: excellent.
Slang: xoxo. Meaning: hugs and kisses.
Slang: ycmu. Meaning: you crack me up.
Slang: ygm. Meaning: you get me you have got mail.
Slang: ymmv. Meaning: your mileage may vary.
Slang: yolo. Meaning: you only live once.
Slang: ytb. Meaning: you are the best.
Slang: yw. Meaning: you are welcome.
Slang: ywsyls. Meaning: you win some you lose some.
Slang: aab. Meaning: average at best.
Slang: aac. Meaning: apple audio compression.
Slang: aak. Meaning: alive and kicking.
Slang: aamof. Meaning: as a matter of fact.
Slang: aap. Meaning: always a pleasure.
Slang: aarp. Meaning: american association of retired persons.
Slang: aat. Meaning: and another thing at all times.
Slang: aawy. Meaning: and also with you.
Slang: abc. Meaning: american born chinese.
Slang: abdc. Meaning: americas best dance crew .
Slang: abf. Meaning: all but face.
Slang: abfab. Meaning: absolutely fabulous.
Slang: abg. Meaning: asian baby girl.
Slang: abh. Meaning: actual bodily harm.
Slang: abp. Meaning: already been posted.
Slang: abu. Meaning: anyone but  united.
Slang: ac. Meaning: air conditioning alternating current.
Slang: aclu. Meaning: american civil liberties union.
Slang: acme. Meaning: a company that makes everything.
Slang: acp. Meaning: automatic colt pistol.
Slang: acta. Meaning: anti counterfeiting trade agreement.
Slang: acu. Meaning: army combat uniform.
Slang: ad. Meaning: anno domini .
Slang: adad. Meaning: another day another dollar.
Slang: add. Meaning: attention deficit disorder.
Slang: aded. Meaning: all day every day.
Slang: adgth. Meaning: all dogs go to heaven.
Slang: adhd. Meaning: attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Slang: adl. Meaning: all day long.
Slang: ads. Meaning: aim down sights.
Slang: adsl. Meaning: asymmetric digital subscriber line.
Slang: adtr. Meaning: a day to remember .
Slang: ae. Meaning: american eagle .
Slang: aeae. Meaning: and ever and ever.
Slang: afaia. Meaning: as far as i am aware.
Slang: afaiaa. Meaning: as far as i am aware.
Slang: afaiac. Meaning: as far as i am concerned.
Slang: afaics. Meaning: as far as i can see.
Slang: afaict. Meaning: as far as i can tell.
Slang: afair. Meaning: as far as i remember.
Slang: afap. Meaning: as far as possible.
Slang: afc. Meaning: away from computer.
Slang: affa. Meaning: angels forever forever angels.
Slang: afi. Meaning: a fire inside .
Slang: afk. Meaning: away from keyboard.
Slang: afl. Meaning: australian football league.
Slang: afn. Meaning: all for now.
Slang: afp. Meaning: away from phone.
Slang: afrl. Meaning: away from real life.
Slang: afs. Meaning: always forever and seriously.
Slang: agc. Meaning: automatic gain control.
Slang: agh. Meaning: are not going to happen.
Slang: agm. Meaning: annual general meeting.
Slang: agp. Meaning: accelerated graphics port.
Slang: agt. Meaning: americas got talent .
Slang: agw. Meaning: all going well.
Slang: ai. Meaning: artificial intelligence as if.
Slang: aib. Meaning: am i boverd.
Slang: aids. Meaning: acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Slang: aigf. Meaning: all in good fun.
Slang: aiic. Meaning: as if i care.
Slang: aikrn. Meaning: all i know right now.
Slang: aimh. Meaning: always in my heart.
Slang: ainec. Meaning: and it is not even close.
Slang: aio. Meaning: all in one.
Slang: aisb. Meaning: as i said before.
Slang: aisi. Meaning: as i see it.
Slang: aitr. Meaning: adult in the room.
Slang: aityd. Meaning: and i think you do.
Slang: aiui. Meaning: as i understand it.
Slang: aiyc. Meaning: as if you care.
Slang: aj. Meaning: apple juice.
Slang: aktf. Meaning: always keep the faith.
Slang: alf. Meaning: animal liberation front.
Slang: alg. Meaning: are not life grand.
Slang: alihal. Meaning: at least i have a life.
Slang: alkqn. Meaning: almighty latin king and queen nation.
Slang: alol. Meaning: actually laughing out loud.
Slang: alotbsol. Meaning: always look on the bright side of life.
Slang: alu. Meaning: arithmetic logic unit.
Slang: alwp. Meaning: actual laughter was produced.
Slang: am. Meaning: ante meridiem  amplitude modulation .
Slang: amaa. Meaning: ask me almost anything.
Slang: amap. Meaning: as much as possible.
Slang: amc. Meaning: american motors corportation.
Slang: amd. Meaning: advanced micro devices.
Slang: amg. Meaning: ah my god.
Slang: amn. Meaning: any minute now.
Slang: amof. Meaning: as a matter of fact.
Slang: amog. Meaning: alpha male of group.
Slang: amt. Meaning: alpha methyltryptamine.
Slang: amv. Meaning: anime music video.
Slang: amw. Meaning: americas most wanted .
Slang: an. Meaning: authors note.
Slang: anc. Meaning: african national congress.
Slang: anfawfos. Meaning: and now for a word from our sponsor.
Slang: anfscd. Meaning: and now for something completely different.
Slang: ansi. Meaning: american national standards institute.
Slang: antm. Meaning: americas next top model.
Slang: anzac. Meaning: australian and new zealand army corps.
Slang: ao. Meaning: adults only.
Slang: aob. Meaning: any other business.
Slang: aod. Meaning: all of day.
Slang: aoe. Meaning: area of effect.
Slang: aok. Meaning: age of kings  all ok.
Slang: aom. Meaning: age of mythology .
Slang: aon. Meaning: all or nothing as of now.
Slang: aos. Meaning: ahead of schedule.
Slang: aot. Meaning: as opposed to among other things.
Slang: aots. Meaning: attack of the show .
Slang: aow. Meaning: all out war.
Slang: aoyp. Meaning: angel on your pillow.
Slang: ap. Meaning: associated press.
Slang: apb. Meaning: all points bulletin.
Slang: apc. Meaning: armoured personnel carrier.
Slang: api. Meaning: application programming interface.
Slang: apm. Meaning: actions per minute.
Slang: apn. Meaning: as per normal.
Slang: apo. Meaning: authorized personnel only.
Slang: apu. Meaning: as per usual.
Slang: apyr. Meaning: as per your request.
Slang: aq. Meaning: adventure quest .
Slang: aqap. Meaning: as quickly as possible.
Slang: aqf. Meaning: ay que funny.
Slang: ar. Meaning: assault rifle.
Slang: ark. Meaning: act of random kindness.
Slang: arpa. Meaning: advanced research projects agency .
Slang: arpanet. Meaning: advanced research projects agency network .
Slang: arpu. Meaning: average revenue per user.
Slang: asaic. Meaning: as soon as i can.
Slang: asaik. Meaning: as soon as i know.
Slang: asas. Meaning: as soon as sensible.
Slang: asat. Meaning: as simple as that.
Slang: asayc. Meaning: as soon as you can.
Slang: asbo. Meaning: anti social behaviour order.
Slang: ascii. Meaning: american standard code for information interchange.
Slang: aspca. Meaning: american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals.
Slang: at&t. Meaning: american telephone and telegraph.
Slang: ata. Meaning: ait to air actual time of arrival.
Slang: atap. Meaning: any time any place.
Slang: atc. Meaning: air traffic control.
Slang: atd. Meaning: attention to detail.
Slang: atf. Meaning: all time favorite.
Slang: atgatt. Meaning: all the gear all the time .
Slang: ath. Meaning: all time high.
Slang: atmo. Meaning: according to my opinion.
Slang: atn. Meaning: any time now.
Slang: atoy. Meaning: always thinking of you.
Slang: atq. Meaning: answer the question.
Slang: atst. Meaning: at the same time.
Slang: att. Meaning: at this time all the time.
Slang: attt. Meaning: are not that the truth.
Slang: atv. Meaning: all terrain vehicle.
Slang: atvb. Meaning: all the very best.
Slang: atw. Meaning: all the way.
Slang: atwa. Meaning: air trees water animals  all the way alive.
Slang: bac. Meaning: back at computer blood alcohol content by any chance.
Slang: bacs. Meaning: bankers automated clearing system.
Slang: bagl. Meaning: bust a gut laughing.
Slang: bah. Meaning: bored as hell.
Slang: bb. Meaning: big brother be back.
Slang: bb4n. Meaning: bye bye for now.
Slang: bbam. Meaning: be back after meal.
Slang: bbb. Meaning: bugging beyond belief.
Slang: bbbw. Meaning: big beautiful black woman.
Slang: bbc. Meaning: british broadcasting corporation.
Slang: bbeg. Meaning: big bad evil guy.
Slang: bbfl. Meaning: best buds for life.
Slang: bbfn. Meaning: bye bye for now.
Slang: bbg. Meaning: best be going.
Slang: bbiab. Meaning: be back in a bit.
Slang: bbiaw. Meaning: be back in a while.
Slang: bbk. Meaning: boy better know.
Slang: bbl. Meaning: be back later.
Slang: bbm. Meaning: blackberry messaging.
Slang: bbml. Meaning: be back much later.
Slang: bbn. Meaning: be back never.
Slang: bbo. Meaning: being bored online.
Slang: bbq. Meaning: barbecue better be quick.
Slang: bbr. Meaning: blonde brunette redhead.
Slang: bbv. Meaning: brags beats and variance .
Slang: bbw. Meaning: big beautiful woman.
Slang: bbwl. Meaning: be back way later.
Slang: bc. Meaning: before christ.
Slang: bcbw. Meaning: bow chica bow wow.
Slang: bcc. Meaning: blind carbon copy.
Slang: bcd. Meaning: behind closed doors.
Slang: bce. Meaning: before common era.
Slang: bcf. Meaning: best cousin forever.
Slang: bcg. Meaning: birth control glasses.
Slang: bcs. Meaning: bowl championship series.
Slang: bdn. Meaning: busy doing nothing.
Slang: bdoml. Meaning: best day of my life.
Slang: bdu. Meaning: brain dead user battle dress uniform.
Slang: bfa. Meaning: best friends always.
Slang: bfab. Meaning: born from a boombox back for a bit.
Slang: bfam. Meaning: brother from another mother.
Slang: bfb. Meaning: better from behind.
Slang: bffae. Meaning: best friends forever and ever best friends for all eternity.
Slang: bffl. Meaning: best friend for life.
Slang: bffle. Meaning: best friends for like ever.
Slang: bffltddup. Meaning: best friends for life till death do us part.
Slang: bffwb. Meaning: best friend forever with benefits.
Slang: bfitw. Meaning: best friend in the world.
Slang: bfk. Meaning: big fat kiss.
Slang: bfmv. Meaning: bullet for my valentine .
Slang: bfp. Meaning: bad for pics big fat positive ie pregnant.
Slang: bftp. Meaning: blast from the past.
Slang: bfut. Meaning: best friends until tomorrow.
Slang: bfwb. Meaning: best friend with benefits.
Slang: bgd. Meaning: black gangster disciples.
Slang: bgf. Meaning: best girl friend.
Slang: bgl. Meaning: big game license likes fat people.
Slang: bgm. Meaning: background music.
Slang: bgt. Meaning: britains got talent .
Slang: bh. Meaning: be happy bloody hell big head.
Slang: bhd. Meaning: bad hair day.
Slang: bhh. Meaning: bless her heart.
Slang: bhm. Meaning: big handsome man.
Slang: bho. Meaning: barak hussein obama.
Slang: bhs. Meaning: be home soon.
Slang: biab. Meaning: back in a bit.
Slang: bic. Meaning: believe it comrade.
Slang: bicbw. Meaning: but i could be wrong.
Slang: bieh. Meaning: best i ever had.
Slang: biffl. Meaning: best internet friend for life.
Slang: bing. Meaning: but it is not google.
Slang: bm. Meaning: bowel movement black man bmw.
Slang: bm4l. Meaning: best mates for life.
Slang: bmak. Meaning: blow me a kiss.
Slang: bmb. Meaning: bebo me back.
Slang: bmbo. Meaning: blow my brains out.
Slang: bme. Meaning: body modification ezine.
Slang: bmfe. Meaning: best mates forever.
Slang: bmfl. Meaning: best mates for life.
Slang: bmg. Meaning: be my guest.
Slang: bmi. Meaning: body mass index.
Slang: bml. Meaning: bless my life.
Slang: bmoc. Meaning: big man on campus.
Slang: bms. Meaning: bitchy men syndrome.
Slang: bmt. Meaning: before my time basic military training.
Slang: bmth. Meaning: bring me the horizon .
Slang: bmttve. Meaning: best mates til the very end.
Slang: bmus. Meaning: beam me up scotty.
Slang: bmv. Meaning: be my valentine.
Slang: bmw. Meaning: bavarian motor works .
Slang: bmx. Meaning: bicycle motocross.
Slang: bnb. Meaning: bad news bears bed n breakfast bread n butter.
Slang: bnf. Meaning: big name fan.
Slang: bni. Meaning: batteries not included.
Slang: bnib. Meaning: brand new in box.
Slang: bnoc. Meaning: big name on campus.
Slang: bnp. Meaning: british national party.
Slang: bnr. Meaning: but not really.
Slang: bnwot. Meaning: brand new without tags.
Slang: bnwt. Meaning: brand new with tags.
Slang: bo. Meaning: body odour.
Slang: boat. Meaning: bust out another thousand.
Slang: bobfoc. Meaning: body off baywatch face off crimewatch.
Slang: boed. Meaning: book of exalted deeds .
Slang: bogo. Meaning: buy one get one.
Slang: bogof. Meaning: buy one get one free.
Slang: bogsat. Meaning: bunch of guys sitting around talking.
Slang: cc. Meaning: credit card carbon copy crowd control country code.
Slang: ccc. Meaning: coricidin cough and cold.
Slang: ccg. Meaning: collectible card game.
Slang: ccie. Meaning: cisco certified internetwork expert.
Slang: ccl. Meaning: could not care less.
Slang: ccna. Meaning: cisco certified network associate.
Slang: ccr. Meaning: creedence clearwater revival .
Slang: cctv. Meaning: closed circuit television.
Slang: ccw. Meaning: counterclockwise carrying a concealed weapon.
Slang: cd. Meaning: compact disc cross dresser.
Slang: cdc. Meaning: cult of the dead cow crudely drawn cock.
Slang: cdma. Meaning: code division multiple access.
Slang: cd rw. Meaning: compact disk rewritable.
Slang: clwy. Meaning: cannot live without you.
Slang: cm. Meaning: call me.
Slang: cmar. Meaning: cry me a river.
Slang: cme. Meaning: close my eyes.
Slang: cmeo. Meaning: crying my eyes out.
Slang: cmh. Meaning: cross my heart.
Slang: cmho. Meaning: cry my heart out.
Slang: cmi. Meaning: count me in.
Slang: cmiyc. Meaning: catch me if you can.
Slang: cml. Meaning: call me later.
Slang: cmn. Meaning: call me now.
Slang: cmos. Meaning: complementary metal oxide semiconductor.
Slang: cms. Meaning: content management system.
Slang: cmu. Meaning: cracks me up.
Slang: cmyk. Meaning: cyan magenta yellow key.
Slang: cnn. Meaning: cable news network.
Slang: cny. Meaning: chinese new year.
Slang: co. Meaning: commanding officer corrections officer company counter offer.
Slang: coa. Meaning: certificate of authenticity.
Slang: cod. Meaning: cash on delivery  call of duty.
Slang: col. Meaning: crying out loud.
Slang: crb. Meaning: criminal records bureau .
Slang: crbt. Meaning: crying real big tears.
Slang: cwtsy. Meaning: cannot wait to see you.
Slang: cyb. Meaning: count your blessings.
Slang: cybi. Meaning: can you believe it.
Slang: cydi. Meaning: can you dig it.
Slang: cydm. Meaning: check your direct messages.
Slang: cyf. Meaning: cross your fingers.
Slang: cyl. Meaning: catch you later.
Slang: cym. Meaning: check your mail.
Slang: dln. Meaning: do not look now.
Slang: dls. Meaning: dirty little secret.
Slang: dltbbb. Meaning: do not let the bed bugs bite.
Slang: dltbgyd. Meaning: do not let the bastards grind you down.
Slang: dltm. Meaning: do not lie to me.
Slang: dlv. Meaning: demonstration of lower value.
Slang: dmaf. Meaning: do not make a fuss.
Slang: dmal. Meaning: drop me a line.
Slang: dmb. Meaning: dave matthews band.
Slang: dmc. Meaning: deep meaningful conversation.
Slang: dmca. Meaning: digital millennium copyright act.
Slang: dmi. Meaning: do not mention it.
Slang: dmiid. Meaning: do not mind if i do.
Slang: dmm. Meaning: do not mind me.
Slang: dmml. Meaning: do not make me laugh.
Slang: dms. Meaning: dirty money syndicate.
Slang: dmt. Meaning: di methyl tryptamine .
Slang: dmta. Meaning: dirty minds think alike.
Slang: dmv. Meaning: department of motor vehicles.
Slang: dmw. Meaning: dead man walking.
Slang: dmx. Meaning: dark man x .
Slang: dmy. Meaning: do not mess yourself.
Slang: dmz. Meaning: de militarized zone.
Slang: dn. Meaning: doing nothing.
Slang: dna. Meaning: deoxyribonucleic acid did not attend does not apply.
Slang: dnc. Meaning: democratic national committee.
Slang: dnd. Meaning: do not disturb.
Slang: dndc. Meaning: do not know do not care.
Slang: dne. Meaning: do not erase does not exist.
Slang: dnf. Meaning: did not finish.
Slang: dnftt. Meaning: do not feed the troll.
Slang: dnk. Meaning: do not know.
Slang: dnm. Meaning: does not matter deep and meaningful.
Slang: dnp. Meaning: do not post.
Slang: dnr. Meaning: do not resuscitate.
Slang: dns. Meaning: domain name service did not start.
Slang: dntk. Meaning: do not need to know.
Slang: dnw. Meaning: do not want.
Slang: doa. Meaning: dead on arrival deteriorate on approach.
Slang: dob. Meaning: date of birth.
Slang: doc. Meaning: doctor drug of choice.
Slang: dod. Meaning: day of defeat.
Slang: doe. Meaning: depends on experience.
Slang: dof. Meaning: depth of field.
Slang: dofl. Meaning: dying on floor laughing.
Slang: drt. Meaning: dead right there.
Slang: ds. Meaning: darling son.
Slang: dsd. Meaning: do some damage.
Slang: dsl. Meaning: digital subscriber line.
Slang: dslr. Meaning: digital single lens reflex .
Slang: dsp. Meaning: digital signal processing.
Slang: dss. Meaning: department of social services.
Slang: dst. Meaning: daylight saving time.
Slang: dt. Meaning: down town.
Slang: dta. Meaning: do not trust anyone.
Slang: dtam. Meaning: death to all men.
Slang: dtb. Meaning: do not text back.
Slang: dtc. Meaning: down to cuddle.
Slang: dtd. Meaning: drunk till dawn drunk till death.
Slang: dte. Meaning: down to earth.
Slang: dth. Meaning: down to hang.
Slang: dtl. Meaning: does the look.
Slang: dtm. Meaning: doing too much dead to me.
Slang: dtms. Meaning: does that make sense.
Slang: dtmwtd. Meaning: do not tell me what to do.
Slang: dtp. Meaning: disturbing the peace.
Slang: dtr. Meaning: define the relationship.
Slang: dtrt. Meaning: do the right thing.
Slang: dtt. Meaning: do not touch that.
Slang: dttc. Meaning: do not text the cell.
Slang: dttm. Meaning: do not talk to me.
Slang: dtyt. Meaning: do not take your time.
Slang: ebm. Meaning: electronic body music.
Slang: ebt. Meaning: electronic benefits transfer.
Slang: elol. Meaning: evil laugh out loud.
Slang: eob. Meaning: end of business.
Slang: eoc. Meaning: end of conversion.
Slang: eoe. Meaning: equal opportunity employer.
Slang: eof. Meaning: end of file.
Slang: eog. Meaning: end of grade.
Slang: eol. Meaning: end of lecture.
Slang: eom. Meaning: end of message.
Slang: eor. Meaning: end of rant.
Slang: eos. Meaning: end of show.
Slang: eot. Meaning: end of thread .
Slang: eotd. Meaning: end of the day.
Slang: eotw. Meaning: end of the world.
Slang: eotwawki. Meaning: end of the world as we know it.
Slang: eow. Meaning: end of watch.
Slang: epos. Meaning: electronic point of sale.
Slang: eprom. Meaning: electronically programmable rom.
Slang: erp. Meaning: erotic role play.
Slang: esa. Meaning: european space agency.
Slang: esb. Meaning: empire stikes back .
Slang: esd. Meaning: electro static discharge.
Slang: esl. Meaning: english as second language.
Slang: esol. Meaning: english for speakers of other languages.
Slang: esp. Meaning: extra sensory perception.
Slang: espn. Meaning: entertainment and sports programming network.
Slang: esrb. Meaning: entertainment software rating board.
Slang: est. Meaning: eastern standard time established.
Slang: estd. Meaning: easier said than done.
Slang: et. Meaning: extra terrestrial.
Slang: eta. Meaning: estimated time of arrival edited to add.
Slang: etc. Meaning: et cetera .
Slang: etd. Meaning: estimated time of departure.
Slang: etf. Meaning: escape the fate .
Slang: etid. Meaning: everytime i die .
Slang: etw. Meaning: enjoy the weekend.
Slang: eu. Meaning: european union.
Slang: eua. Meaning: end user agreement.
Slang: euc. Meaning: excellent used condition.
Slang: eula. Meaning: end user license agreement.
Slang: ev. Meaning: expected value.
Slang: fya. Meaning: for your amusement.
Slang: fyc. Meaning: for your convenience for your consideration.
Slang: fye. Meaning: for your entertainment.
Slang: fyk. Meaning: for your knowledge.
Slang: fym. Meaning: free your mind.
Slang: fyp. Meaning: fixed your post.
Slang: fyr. Meaning: for your review for your records.
Slang: fyt. Meaning: for your time.
Slang: g o a t. Meaning: greatest of all time.
Slang: gafia. Meaning: get away from it all.
Slang: gafm. Meaning: get away from me.
Slang: gba. Meaning: god bless america.
Slang: gbfn. Meaning: goodbye for now.
Slang: gbh. Meaning: grievous bodily harm.
Slang: gbml. Meaning: good bye my love.
Slang: gbnf. Meaning: gone but not forgotten.
Slang: gbp. Meaning: great british pounds .
Slang: gbtm. Meaning: get back to me.
Slang: gbtw. Meaning: get back to work.
Slang: gbwy. Meaning: god be with you.
Slang: gby. Meaning: god bless you.
Slang: gc. Meaning: good contition.
Slang: gcf. Meaning: good clean fun.
Slang: gcmg. Meaning: god calls me god.
Slang: gcse. Meaning: general certificate of secondary education .
Slang: gcwok. Meaning: gay couple without kids.
Slang: gd. Meaning: gangsta disciple.
Slang: gdfr. Meaning: going down for real.
Slang: gdi. Meaning: god damn it.
Slang: gdp. Meaning: gross domestic product.
Slang: ge. Meaning: good evening.
Slang: ged. Meaning: general educational development.
Slang: gfa. Meaning: grenade free america.
Slang: gfak. Meaning: go fly a kite.
Slang: gfc. Meaning: global financial crisis.
Slang: gfete. Meaning: grinning from ear to ear.
Slang: gff. Meaning: grenade free foundation.
Slang: gfi. Meaning: go for it.
Slang: gfp. Meaning: good for pics.
Slang: gftw. Meaning: go for the win.
Slang: gfu. Meaning: good for you.
Slang: gfwl. Meaning: games for windows live.
Slang: gfy. Meaning: good for you.
Slang: gg. Meaning: good game.
Slang: gga. Meaning: good game all.
Slang: ggbb. Meaning: good game bye bye.
Slang: ggg. Meaning: good giving and game .
Slang: ggn. Meaning: got to go now.
Slang: ggnore. Meaning: good game no rematch.
Slang: ggoh. Meaning: got to get outta here.
Slang: gh. Meaning: guitar hero.
Slang: ghb. Meaning: gamma hydroxybutyrate .
Slang: ghd. Meaning: good hair day.
Slang: giwist. Meaning: gee i wish i would said that.
Slang: giy. Meaning: google it yourself.
Slang: giyf. Meaning: google is your friend.
Slang: gj. Meaning: good job.
Slang: gjoac. Meaning: go jump off a cliff.
Slang: gjwhf. Meaning: girls just want to have fun.
Slang: gk. Meaning: good kid.
Slang: gky. Meaning: go kill yourself.
Slang: gl. Meaning: good luck good looking.
Slang: gl hf. Meaning: good luck have fun.
Slang: gla. Meaning: good luck all.
Slang: glag. Meaning: giggling like a girl.
Slang: glotr. Meaning: good luck on the rebuild.
Slang: glta. Meaning: good luck to all.
Slang: glty. Meaning: good luck to you.
Slang: glu. Meaning: girls like us.
Slang: glws. Meaning: good luck with sale.
Slang: glwt. Meaning: good luck with that.
Slang: gm. Meaning: general motors good morning genetically modified good move.
Slang: gma. Meaning: good morning america.
Slang: gmab. Meaning: give me a break.
Slang: gmt. Meaning: greenwich mean time.
Slang: gmv. Meaning: got my vote.
Slang: gmy. Meaning: good man yourself.
Slang: gn. Meaning: good night.
Slang: gnd. Meaning: girl next door.
Slang: gne. Meaning: good night and everything.
Slang: gnfb. Meaning: good night facebook.
Slang: gnsd. Meaning: good night sweet dreams.
Slang: goat. Meaning: greatest of all time.
Slang: gomer. Meaning: get out of my emergency room unwelcome patient.
Slang: gomf. Meaning: get outta my face.
Slang: goml. Meaning: get on my level.
Slang: goomf. Meaning: get out of my face.
Slang: gooml. Meaning: get out of my life.
Slang: gop. Meaning: grand old party.
Slang: gp. Meaning: general principle.
Slang: gpa. Meaning: grade point average.
Slang: gpc. Meaning: generic pack of cigarettes.
Slang: gpl. Meaning: general public license.
Slang: gpoy. Meaning: gratuitous picture of yourself.
Slang: gpoyw. Meaning: gratuitous picture of yourself wednesday.
Slang: gprs. Meaning: general packet radio services.
Slang: gps. Meaning: global positioning system.
Slang: gpu. Meaning: graphics processing unit.
Slang: gr. Meaning: got to run.
Slang: gsd. Meaning: getting stuff done.
Slang: gsm. Meaning: global system for mobile communications.
Slang: gsoh. Meaning: good sense of humor.
Slang: gsr. Meaning: gun shot residue.
Slang: gstq. Meaning: god save the queen.
Slang: gsw. Meaning: gun shot wound.
Slang: gtb. Meaning: go to bed.
Slang: gtbb. Meaning: good to be back.
Slang: gtbosh. Meaning: glad to be of some help.
Slang: gtd. Meaning: getting things done.
Slang: gtg. Meaning: got to go.
Slang: gtgg. Meaning: got to get going.
Slang: gth. Meaning: go to hell.
Slang: gthba. Meaning: good times had by all.
Slang: gtho. Meaning: get the hell out.
Slang: gtk. Meaning: good to know.
Slang: gtm. Meaning: giggling to myself.
Slang: gto. Meaning: gran turismo omologato.
Slang: gtrm. Meaning: going to read mail.
Slang: gtts. Meaning: got the t shirt.
Slang: gtw. Meaning: got to work.
Slang: gu. Meaning: grow up.
Slang: guti. Meaning: get used to it.
Slang: gw. Meaning: good work.
Slang: gwas. Meaning: game was a success.
Slang: gwc. Meaning: guy with camera.
Slang: gwg. Meaning: girl with glasses.
Slang: gwi. Meaning: get with it.
Slang: gwk. Meaning: game winning kill.
Slang: gwp. Meaning: gift with purchase.
Slang: gwr. Meaning: guinness world records.
Slang: gws. Meaning: get well soon.
Slang: gwtf. Meaning: go with the flow.
Slang: gwtp. Meaning: get with the program.
Slang: gyaldem. Meaning: group of girls.
Slang: gyc. Meaning: get your coat.
Slang: gyfs. Meaning: get your facts straight.
Slang: gyo. Meaning: get your own.
Slang: gyt. Meaning: get yourself tested.
Slang: hagd. Meaning: have a good day.
Slang: hage. Meaning: have a good evening.
Slang: hagl. Meaning: have a good life.
Slang: hago. Meaning: have a good one.
Slang: hags. Meaning: have a great summer.
Slang: hagt. Meaning: have a great time.
Slang: haistk. Meaning: how am i supposed to know.
Slang: hay. Meaning: how are you.
Slang: hayd. Meaning: how are you doing.
Slang: hayt. Meaning: how are you today.
Slang: hbd. Meaning: happy birthday.
Slang: hbk. Meaning: heart break kid.
Slang: hbn. Meaning: how about now.
Slang: hbo. Meaning: home box office.
Slang: hbp. Meaning: half blood prince .
Slang: hbt. Meaning: how bout that.
Slang: hbtu. Meaning: happy birthday to you.
Slang: hbty. Meaning: happy birthday to you.
Slang: hby. Meaning: how about you.
Slang: hc. Meaning: holy cow.
Slang: hcdajfu. Meaning: he could do a job for us.
Slang: hcit. Meaning: how cool is that.
Slang: hd. Meaning: high definition.
Slang: hdd. Meaning: hard disk drive.
Slang: hdmi. Meaning: high definition multimedia interface.
Slang: hdth. Meaning: how did that happen.
Slang: hdtv. Meaning: high definition television.
Slang: hdy. Meaning: how dare you.
Slang: hdyd. Meaning: how do you do.
Slang: hdydt. Meaning: how did you do that.
Slang: hdyk. Meaning: how do you know.
Slang: he. Meaning: happy ending high explosives.
Slang: hea. Meaning: happily ever after.
Slang: henry. Meaning: high earner not rich yet.
Slang: hf. Meaning: have fun.
Slang: hffa. Meaning: hot from far away.
Slang: hfgl. Meaning: have fun good luck.
Slang: hfy. Meaning: here for you happy for you.
Slang: hg. Meaning: holy grail.
Slang: hgh. Meaning: haters going to hate.
Slang: hgi. Meaning: how goes it.
Slang: hgl. Meaning: happy go lucky.
Slang: hgtv. Meaning: home and garden television.
Slang: hgv. Meaning: heavy goods vehicle.
Slang: hh. Meaning: holding hands.
Slang: hhis. Meaning: hanging head in shame.
Slang: hhoj. Meaning: ha ha only joking.
Slang: hhok. Meaning: ha ha only kidding.
Slang: hhvf. Meaning: ha ha very funny.
Slang: hhww. Meaning: holding hands while walking.
Slang: hig. Meaning: how is it going.
Slang: hiik. Meaning: hell if i know.
Slang: himym. Meaning: how i met your mother .
Slang: hiv. Meaning: human immunodeficiency virus.
Slang: hiwth. Meaning: hate it when that happens.
Slang: hjntiy. Meaning: he is just not that into you.
Slang: hk. Meaning: hong kong hostile kids.
Slang: hl. Meaning: half life .
Slang: hlas. Meaning: hook line and sinker.
Slang: hmi. Meaning: human machine interface.
Slang: hmihy. Meaning: how may i help you.
Slang: hml. Meaning: hate my life.
Slang: hmp. Meaning: help me please.
Slang: hms. Meaning: her majestys ship .
Slang: hmul. Meaning: hit me up later.
Slang: hmv. Meaning: his masters voice.
Slang: hng. Meaning: horny net geek.
Slang: hnos. Meaning: home network operating system.
Slang: hnr. Meaning: hit n run.
Slang: hny. Meaning: happy new year.
Slang: ho. Meaning: hold on head office.
Slang: hoa. Meaning: home owners association.
Slang: hoay. Meaning: how old are you.
Slang: hof. Meaning: hall of fame heavy on flag.
Slang: hog. Meaning: harley owner group.
Slang: hoh. Meaning: head over heels  hard of hearing.
Slang: holland. Meaning: hope our love lasts and never dies.
Slang: hov. Meaning: high occupancy vehicle.
Slang: howdy. Meaning: how do you do.
Slang: hp. Meaning: harry potter.
Slang: hq. Meaning: high quality.
Slang: hr. Meaning: human resources.
Slang: hrc. Meaning: human rights campaign.
Slang: hrh. Meaning: her royal highness.
Slang: hsbc. Meaning: hong kong and shanghai banking corporation.
Slang: hsh. Meaning: home sweet home.
Slang: hsik. Meaning: how should i know.
Slang: hsit. Meaning: how sad is that.
Slang: hsl. Meaning: hue saturation lightness.
Slang: hsm. Meaning: high school musical.
Slang: hsp. Meaning: highly sensitive person.
Slang: hspda. Meaning: high speed packet data access.
Slang: hst. Meaning: high speed train.
Slang: hsv2. Meaning: herpes simplex virus 2.
Slang: htbt. Meaning: had to be there.
Slang: htc. Meaning: hit the cell.
Slang: hte. Meaning: hard to explain.
Slang: htg. Meaning: hard to get.
Slang: hthfys. Meaning: hope to hear from you soon.
Slang: htm. Meaning: hand to mouth.
Slang: html. Meaning: hypertext markup language.
Slang: htsys. Meaning: hope to see you soon.
Slang: http. Meaning: hyper text transfer protocol.
Slang: https. Meaning: hyper text transfer protocol secure.
Slang: httr. Meaning: hail to the redskins.
Slang: hu. Meaning: hollywood undead .
Slang: hua. Meaning: heard understood acknowledged.
Slang: hvac. Meaning: heating ventilating air conditioning.
Slang: hvd. Meaning: happy valentines day.
Slang: hwb. Meaning: hottie with body.
Slang: hwga. Meaning: here we go again.
Slang: hwp. Meaning: height weight proportional.
Slang: hwsnbn. Meaning: he who shall not be named.
Slang: hwu. Meaning: hey what is up.
Slang: hwyd. Meaning: how was your day.
Slang: hyb. Meaning: how you been.
Slang: hyd. Meaning: how ya doing.
Slang: hyfb. Meaning: hope you feel better.
Slang: hyg. Meaning: here you go.
Slang: hyh. Meaning: have you heard hold your horses.
Slang: hyip. Meaning: high yield investment program.
Slang: hyp. Meaning: harvard yale princeton.
Slang: hys. Meaning: have your say.
Slang: hyu. Meaning: hit you up.
Slang: ia. Meaning: i agree.
Slang: iab. Meaning: i am bored.
Slang: iabw. Meaning: in a bad way.
Slang: iad. Meaning: it all depends.
Slang: iag. Meaning: it is all good.
Slang: iak. Meaning: i already know.
Slang: ial. Meaning: i are not laughing i actually laughed.
Slang: ialto. Meaning: i always love that one.
Slang: iama. Meaning: i am mildly amused.
Slang: ianad. Meaning: i am not a doctor.
Slang: ias. Meaning: in a second.
Slang: iau. Meaning: i adore you.
Slang: iaw. Meaning: in accordance with i agree with.
Slang: iawtc. Meaning: i agree with that comment.
Slang: iawtcsm. Meaning: i agree with this comment so much.
Slang: iawtp. Meaning: i agree with this post.
Slang: iay. Meaning: i adore you.
Slang: ib. Meaning: i am back.
Slang: ib2d. Meaning: i beg to differ.
Slang: ib4tl. Meaning: in before the lock.
Slang: iban. Meaning: international bank account number.
Slang: ibb. Meaning: i will be back.
Slang: ibk. Meaning: idiot behind keyboard.
Slang: ibl. Meaning: in before lock.
Slang: ibm. Meaning: international business machines.
Slang: ibmts. Meaning: i have been meaning to say.
Slang: ibs. Meaning: irritable bowel syndrome.
Slang: ibtd. Meaning: in before the delete i beg to differ.
Slang: ibtl. Meaning: in before the lock.
Slang: ibuwu. Meaning: i am breaking up with you.
Slang: ibw. Meaning: i will be waiting.
Slang: ibyp. Meaning: i beg your pardon.
Slang: icam. Meaning: i could not agree more.
Slang: icay. Meaning: i care about you.
Slang: icb. Meaning: i cannot believe.
Slang: icbb. Meaning: i cannot be bothered.
Slang: icbi. Meaning: i cannot believe it.
Slang: icbinb. Meaning: i cannot believe it is not butter.
Slang: icbm. Meaning: intercontinental ballistic missile.
Slang: icbsst. Meaning: i cannot believe she said that.
Slang: icbw. Meaning: it could be worse.
Slang: icc. Meaning: ice crown citadel .
Slang: iccl. Meaning: i could not care less.
Slang: icr. Meaning: i cannot remember.
Slang: icsl. Meaning: i could not stop laughing.
Slang: icstay. Meaning: i cannot stop thinking about you.
Slang: ict. Meaning: information and communication technology.
Slang: icu. Meaning: intensive care unit i see you.
Slang: icw. Meaning: in connection with i cannot wait.
Slang: icydk. Meaning: in case you did not know.
Slang: idbi. Meaning: i do not believe it.
Slang: idby. Meaning: i do not believe you.
Slang: ide. Meaning: integrated development environment integrated device electronics.
Slang: idec. Meaning: i do not even care.
Slang: idek. Meaning: i do not even know.
Slang: ideky. Meaning: i do not even know you.
Slang: idewtk. Meaning: i do not even want to know.
Slang: idfg. Meaning: i do not feel good.
Slang: idfli. Meaning: i do not feel like it.
Slang: idgad. Meaning: i do not give a damn.
Slang: idghp. Meaning: i do not get hashtag phrases i do not get his or her point i do not generally hate people.
Slang: idgi. Meaning: i do not get it.
Slang: idhac. Meaning: i do not have a clue.
Slang: idhtt. Meaning: i do not have the time.
Slang: idi. Meaning: i doubt it.
Slang: idj. Meaning: i do not judge.
Slang: idk. Meaning: i do not know.
Slang: idke. Meaning: i do not know either.
Slang: idkw. Meaning: i do not know why.
Slang: idkwtd. Meaning: i do not know what to do.
Slang: idkwym. Meaning: i do not know what you mean.
Slang: idky. Meaning: i do not know why.
Slang: idl. Meaning: i do not like .
Slang: idli. Meaning: i do not like it.
Slang: idlt. Meaning: i do not like that.
Slang: idly. Meaning: i do not like you.
Slang: idm. Meaning: it does not matter intelligent dance music.
Slang: idnk. Meaning: i do not know.
Slang: idr. Meaning: i do not remember.
Slang: idrc. Meaning: i do not really care.
Slang: idrk. Meaning: i do not really know.
Slang: idst. Meaning: if destroyed still true.
Slang: idt. Meaning: i do not think.
Slang: idts. Meaning: i do not think so.
Slang: idu. Meaning: i do not understand.
Slang: idunno. Meaning: i do not know.
Slang: idw. Meaning: i do not want.
Slang: idwk. Meaning: i do not want to know.
Slang: idwt. Meaning: i do not want to.
Slang: idwtai. Meaning: i do not want to talk about it.
Slang: idwtk. Meaning: i do not want to know.
Slang: ie. Meaning: id est  internet explorer.
Slang: ied. Meaning: improvised explosive device.
Slang: ieee. Meaning: institute of electrical and electronics engineers.
Slang: iep. Meaning: individualized education program.
Slang: ifm. Meaning: in fond memory.
Slang: igi. Meaning: i get it.
Slang: igm. Meaning: i got mine.
Slang: igmc. Meaning: i will get my coat.
Slang: ign. Meaning: in game name.
Slang: ignb. Meaning: i am going now bye.
Slang: ignts. Meaning: i have got nothing to say.
Slang: igs. Meaning: i guess so.
Slang: igtg. Meaning: i got to go.
Slang: igu. Meaning: i give up.
Slang: igwt. Meaning: in god we trust.
Slang: igy. Meaning: i get you.
Slang: igyb. Meaning: i have got your back.
Slang: ih8u. Meaning: i hate you.
Slang: ihac. Meaning: i have a customer.
Slang: ihdk. Meaning: i honestly do not know.
Slang: ihm. Meaning: i hate mondays.
Slang: ihml. Meaning: i hate my life.
Slang: ihnc. Meaning: i have no clue.
Slang: iho. Meaning: in honor of.
Slang: ihop. Meaning: international house of pancakes.
Slang: ihp. Meaning: i hate people.
Slang: ihs. Meaning: i hope so.
Slang: iht. Meaning: i hate this.
Slang: ihy. Meaning: i hate you.
Slang: ihydm. Meaning: i hope you do not mind.
Slang: ihysm. Meaning: i hate you so much.
Slang: iib. Meaning: ignorance is bliss.
Slang: iifym. Meaning: if it fits your macros.
Slang: iih. Meaning: if i am honest.
Slang: iil. Meaning: i am in love.
Slang: iinm. Meaning: if i am not mistaken.
Slang: iir. Meaning: idiot in room.
Slang: iis. Meaning: internet information services.
Slang: iituwutmas. Meaning: if i tell you will you tell me a secret.
Slang: iitwi. Meaning: in it to win it.
Slang: iitywimiwhtky. Meaning: if i tell you what it means i will have to kill you.
Slang: iitywtmwybmad. Meaning: if i tell you what this means will you buy me a drink.
Slang: iitywtmwykm. Meaning: if i tell you what this means will you kiss me.
Slang: iitywybmad. Meaning: if i tell you will you buy me a drink.
Slang: iiuc. Meaning: if i understand correctly.
Slang: iiwii. Meaning: it is what it is.
Slang: iiwy. Meaning: if i were you.
Slang: ij. Meaning: i am joking.
Slang: ijaf. Meaning: it is just a fact.
Slang: ijdk. Meaning: i just do not know.
Slang: ijg. Meaning: i just giggled.
Slang: ijk. Meaning: i am just kidding.
Slang: ijl. Meaning: i just laughed.
Slang: ijs. Meaning: i am just saying.
Slang: ijwtk. Meaning: i just want to know.
Slang: ijwts. Meaning: i just want to say.
Slang: ik. Meaning: i know.
Slang: ikh. Meaning: i know huh.
Slang: ikhyf. Meaning: i know how you feel.
Slang: ikly. Meaning: i kind of like you.
Slang: ikm. Meaning: i know man.
Slang: ikmty. Meaning: i know more than you.
Slang: ikn. Meaning: i know not.
Slang: ikt. Meaning: i knew that.
Slang: iktf. Meaning: i know the feeling.
Slang: iktr. Meaning: i know that is right.
Slang: ikwum. Meaning: i know what you mean.
Slang: ikwydls. Meaning: i know what you did last summer.
Slang: ikwyl. Meaning: i know where you live.
Slang: ikwym. Meaning: i know what you mean.
Slang: iky. Meaning: i know you.
Slang: ikyp. Meaning: i will keep you posted.
Slang: il. Meaning: in love.
Slang: ild. Meaning: ich liebe dich .
Slang: ilh. Meaning: i love him or her.
Slang: ili. Meaning: i love it.
Slang: ilm. Meaning: i lige m.
Slang: ilml. Meaning: i love my life.
Slang: ilmo. Meaning: in loving memory of.
Slang: ilny. Meaning: i love new york.
Slang: ils. Meaning: inflated lat syndrome.
Slang: ilt. Meaning: i like that.
Slang: ily2. Meaning: i love you too.
Slang: ilya. Meaning: i love you all.
Slang: ilyaaf. Meaning: i love you as a friend.
Slang: ilyam. Meaning: i love you as a mate.
Slang: ilyb. Meaning: i love you both.
Slang: ilyf. Meaning: i will love you forever.
Slang: ilyg. Meaning: i love you guys or girls.
Slang: ilyk. Meaning: i will let you know.
Slang: ilyl. Meaning: i love you lots.
Slang: ilylas. Meaning: i love you like a sister.
Slang: ilylt. Meaning: i love you long time.
Slang: ilym. Meaning: i love you more.
Slang: ilysdm. Meaning: i love you so damn much.
Slang: ilysm. Meaning: i love you so much.
Slang: ilysmb. Meaning: i love you so much baby.
Slang: ilysmm. Meaning: i love you so much more.
Slang: ilyt. Meaning: i love you too.
Slang: ilytb. Meaning: i love you to bits.
Slang: ilyvm. Meaning: i love you very much.
Slang: ilywamh. Meaning: i love you with all my heart.
Slang: imaho. Meaning: in my absolutely honest opinion.
Slang: imao. Meaning: in my arrogant opinion.
Slang: imap. Meaning: internet message access protocol.
Slang: imbo. Meaning: in my biased opinion.
Slang: imco. Meaning: in my considered opinion.
Slang: imd. Meaning: in my defence.
Slang: imdb. Meaning: internet movie database.
Slang: ime. Meaning: in my experience.
Slang: imeo. Meaning: in my educated opinion.
Slang: imf. Meaning: international monetary fund.
Slang: imh. Meaning: in my head.
Slang: imk. Meaning: in my knowledge.
Slang: immao. Meaning: in my most arrogant opinion.
Slang: immd. Meaning: it made my day.
Slang: imml. Meaning: it made me laugh.
Slang: imnsho. Meaning: in my not so humble opinion.
Slang: imoo. Meaning: in my own opinion.
Slang: imp. Meaning: it is my pleasure.
Slang: impo. Meaning: in my personal opinion.
Slang: imr. Meaning: i mean really.
Slang: imsmr. Meaning: if memory serves me right.
Slang: imu. Meaning: i miss you.
Slang: imusm. Meaning: i miss you so much.
Slang: imvu. Meaning: instant messaging virtual universe.
Slang: imwtk. Meaning: inquiring minds want to know.
Slang: imy. Meaning: i miss you.
Slang: imya. Meaning: i miss you already.
Slang: imym. Meaning: i miss you more.
Slang: imysm. Meaning: i miss you so much.
Slang: imyt. Meaning: i miss you too.
Slang: inah. Meaning: i need a hug.
Slang: inb. Meaning: i am not bothered.
Slang: inbd. Meaning: it is no big deal.
Slang: incydk. Meaning: in case you did not know.
Slang: inpo. Meaning: in no particular order.
Slang: inrs. Meaning: it is not rocket science.
Slang: ins. Meaning: i am not sure.
Slang: intk. Meaning: i need to know.
Slang: intp. Meaning: introverted intuitive thinking perceiving .
Slang: invu. Meaning: i envy you.
Slang: inwly. Meaning: i never want to lose you.
Slang: iny. Meaning: i need you.
Slang: ioab. Meaning: i am on a boat.
Slang: ioc. Meaning: international olympic committee.
Slang: ioh. Meaning: i am outta here.
Slang: ioi. Meaning: indication of interest i am over it.
Slang: ioic. Meaning: if only i could.
Slang: iokiyar. Meaning: it is okay if you are a republican.
Slang: iom. Meaning: isle of man.
Slang: iomw. Meaning: i am on my way.
Slang: ion. Meaning: in other news.
Slang: iou. Meaning: i owe you.
Slang: iow. Meaning: in other words.
Slang: ioyk. Meaning: if only you knew.
Slang: ip. Meaning: internet protocol intellectual property.
Slang: ipa. Meaning: india pale ale internet protocol address.
Slang: ipc. Meaning: ignore post count.
Slang: ipo. Meaning: initial public offering.
Slang: iq. Meaning: intelligence quotient.
Slang: ir. Meaning: infrared injured reserve.
Slang: ira. Meaning: irish republican army.
Slang: irah. Meaning: insert relevant acronym here.
Slang: irc. Meaning: internet relay chat.
Slang: irdc. Meaning: i really do not care.
Slang: irdk. Meaning: i really do not know.
Slang: irly. Meaning: i really like you.
Slang: irmc. Meaning: i rest my case.
Slang: irs. Meaning: internal revenue service.
Slang: isb. Meaning: i am so bored.
Slang: isbn. Meaning: international standard book number.
Slang: isdk. Meaning: i simply do not know.
Slang: isdn. Meaning: integrated services digital network.
Slang: ishk. Meaning: i should have known.
Slang: isp. Meaning: internet service provider.
Slang: iss. Meaning: international space station i am so sorry.
Slang: issn. Meaning: international standard serial number.
Slang: istatoy. Meaning: i saw this and thought of you.
Slang: istg. Meaning: i swear to god.
Slang: istm. Meaning: it seems to me.
Slang: istr. Meaning: i seem to recall.
Slang: iswydt. Meaning: i see what you did there.
Slang: iswym. Meaning: i see what you mean.
Slang: it. Meaning: information technology.
Slang: ita. Meaning: i totally agree.
Slang: itai. Meaning: i will think about it.
Slang: italy. Meaning: i trust and love you.
Slang: itc. Meaning: in this channel in that case.
Slang: itf. Meaning: in the future.
Slang: itg. Meaning: in the groove.
Slang: itiailwy. Meaning: i think i am in love with you.
Slang: itiky. Meaning: i think i know you.
Slang: itilu. Meaning: i think i love you.
Slang: itily. Meaning: i think i love you.
Slang: itk. Meaning: in the know.
Slang: itm. Meaning: in the mouth.
Slang: itma. Meaning: it is that man again.
Slang: itn. Meaning: i think not.
Slang: ito. Meaning: in terms of.
Slang: itoy. Meaning: i am thinking of you.
Slang: itp. Meaning: inside the perimeter.
Slang: its. Meaning: i think or thought so.
Slang: itso. Meaning: in the style of.
Slang: itt. Meaning: in this thread.
Slang: ittet. Meaning: in these tough economic times.
Slang: itv. Meaning: independent tv .
Slang: itwym. Meaning: is that what you mean.
Slang: ityf. Meaning: i think you will find.
Slang: ityl. Meaning: i will tell you later.
Slang: itym. Meaning: i think you mean.
Slang: itys. Meaning: i told you so.
Slang: ivf. Meaning: in vitro fertilization.
Slang: iwaly. Meaning: i will always love you.
Slang: iwbb. Meaning: i will be back.
Slang: iwc. Meaning: internet wrestling community.
Slang: iwhi. Meaning: i would hit it.
Slang: iwid. Meaning: it is what i do.
Slang: iwik. Meaning: i wish i knew.
Slang: iwiwt. Meaning: i wish i were there.
Slang: iwm. Meaning: it was not me.
Slang: iwoot. Meaning: i want one of those.
Slang: iwtd. Meaning: i want to die.
Slang: iwy. Meaning: i want you.
Slang: iyam. Meaning: if you ask me.
Slang: iybtyba. Meaning: if you believe that you will believe anything.
Slang: iyd. Meaning: in your dreams.
Slang: iydk. Meaning: if you did not know.
Slang: iydm. Meaning: if you do not mind.
Slang: iyf. Meaning: in your face.
Slang: iygm. Meaning: if you get me.
Slang: iyh. Meaning: in your head.
Slang: iyl. Meaning: if you are lucky it is your life.
Slang: iyo. Meaning: in your opinion.
Slang: iyss. Meaning: if you say so.
Slang: iyswim. Meaning: if you see what i mean.
Slang: iytt. Meaning: if you think that.
Slang: iyw. Meaning: if you want or will.
Slang: iyww. Meaning: if you were wondering.
Slang: j. Meaning: joking.
Slang: jaf. Meaning: just a friend.
Slang: jafa. Meaning: just another fucking aucklander.
Slang: japan. Meaning: just always pray at night.
Slang: jas. Meaning: just a second.
Slang: jat. Meaning: just a thought.
Slang: jatq. Meaning: just answer the question.
Slang: jb. Meaning: jail bait jonas brothers.
Slang: jbh. Meaning: just being honest.
Slang: jbt. Meaning: jack booted thug.
Slang: jbu. Meaning: just between us.
Slang: jby. Meaning: just be yourself.
Slang: jc. Meaning: jesus christ just curious just chilling.
Slang: jcb. Meaning: j c bamford .
Slang: jd. Meaning: jack daniels.
Slang: jdi. Meaning: just do it.
Slang: jdlr. Meaning: just does not look right.
Slang: jdm. Meaning: japanese domestic market.
Slang: jfk. Meaning: john fitzgerald kennedy new york airport just for kicks.
Slang: jfn. Meaning: just for now.
Slang: jft. Meaning: just for today.
Slang: jftr. Meaning: just for the record.
Slang: jfy. Meaning: just for you.
Slang: jfyi. Meaning: just for your information.
Slang: jg. Meaning: juicy gossip.
Slang: jgb. Meaning: just got back.
Slang: jgh. Meaning: just got home.
Slang: jgi. Meaning: just google it.
Slang: jgl. Meaning: just get lost.
Slang: jhc. Meaning: jesus h christ.
Slang: jhp. Meaning: jacketed hollow point .
Slang: jicydk. Meaning: just in case you did not know.
Slang: jj. Meaning: just joking.
Slang: jk. Meaning: just kidding.
Slang: jkd. Meaning: jeet kune do .
Slang: jls. Meaning: jack the lad swing .
Slang: jlt. Meaning: just like that.
Slang: jluk. Meaning: just letting you know.
Slang: jly. Meaning: jesus loves you.
Slang: jlyk. Meaning: just letting you know.
Slang: jm. Meaning: just messing.
Slang: jma. Meaning: just messing around.
Slang: jmho. Meaning: just my humble opinion.
Slang: jml. Meaning: just my luck.
Slang: jms. Meaning: just making sure.
Slang: jmt. Meaning: just my thoughts.
Slang: jn. Meaning: just now.
Slang: jooc. Meaning: just out of curiosity.
Slang: jp. Meaning: just playin.
Slang: jpa. Meaning: just playing around.
Slang: jpeg. Meaning: joint photographic experts group image file format.
Slang: jrotc. Meaning: junior reserve officer training corps.
Slang: jrpg. Meaning: japanese role playing game.
Slang: js. Meaning: just saying.
Slang: jsmn. Meaning: just shoot me now.
Slang: jsp. Meaning: java server pages.
Slang: jsu. Meaning: just shut up.
Slang: jtb. Meaning: just too bad.
Slang: jtc. Meaning: join the club.
Slang: jtlyk. Meaning: just to let you know.
Slang: jtol. Meaning: just thinking out loud.
Slang: jtoy. Meaning: just thinking of you.
Slang: jtty. Meaning: just to tell you.
Slang: jtusk. Meaning: just thought you should know.
Slang: juad. Meaning: jumping up and down.
Slang: jv. Meaning: junior varsity amateur.
Slang: jwas. Meaning: just wait and see.
Slang: jwd. Meaning: job well done.
Slang: jwg. Meaning: just a wild guess.
Slang: jwtk. Meaning: just wanted to know.
Slang: jwtlyk. Meaning: just wanted to let you know.
Slang: jwu. Meaning: just woke up.
Slang: jww. Meaning: just was wondering.
Slang: kafm. Meaning: keep away from me.
Slang: kcaco. Meaning: keep calm and carry on.
Slang: kcco. Meaning: keep calm and chive on.
Slang: kd. Meaning: kraft dinner.
Slang: kdr. Meaning: kill or death ratio.
Slang: kf. Meaning: kind of funny.
Slang: kfc. Meaning: kentucky fried chicken.
Slang: kgb. Meaning: russian secret police.
Slang: kh. Meaning: kingdom hearts .
Slang: khyf. Meaning: know how you feel.
Slang: kia. Meaning: killed in action know it all.
Slang: kicks. Meaning: shoes thrills.
Slang: kig. Meaning: keep it gangsta.
Slang: kim. Meaning: keep it moving.
Slang: kio. Meaning: knock it off.
Slang: kip. Meaning: sleep bed.
Slang: kir. Meaning: keepin it real.
Slang: kirf. Meaning: keeping it real fake.
Slang: kis. Meaning: keep it simple.
Slang: kisa. Meaning: knight in shining armour.
Slang: kiu. Meaning: keep it up.
Slang: kiv. Meaning: keep in view.
Slang: kkk. Meaning: ku klux klan.
Slang: kkkk. Meaning: korean lol.
Slang: km. Meaning: keep mum.
Slang: kmfc. Meaning: keeping my fingers crossed.
Slang: kml. Meaning: killing myself laughing.
Slang: kmn. Meaning: kill me now.
Slang: kmp. Meaning: keep me posted.
Slang: kmt. Meaning: kiss my teeth.
Slang: kmu. Meaning: keep me updated.
Slang: kod. Meaning: kiss of death.
Slang: kos. Meaning: kill on sight.
Slang: kotc. Meaning: kiss on the cheek.
Slang: koth. Meaning: king of the hill .
Slang: kotl. Meaning: kiss on the lips.
Slang: kotor. Meaning: knights of the old republic .
Slang: kp. Meaning: korean pride.
Slang: kpc. Meaning: keep parents clueless.
Slang: kpg. Meaning: keep the party going.
Slang: kpi. Meaning: key performance indicator.
Slang: kr. Meaning: kind regards.
Slang: kro. Meaning: keep right on.
Slang: ks. Meaning: kill steal.
Slang: ktbffh. Meaning: keep the blue flag flying high .
Slang: ktbspa. Meaning: keep the backstreet pride alive.
Slang: ktf. Meaning: keep the faith.
Slang: kwim. Meaning: know what i mean.
Slang: kwis. Meaning: know what i am saying.
Slang: kyfc. Meaning: keep your fingers crossed.
Slang: kyo. Meaning: knock yourself out.
Slang: kyp. Meaning: keep you posted.
Slang: lafs. Meaning: love at first sight.
Slang: lak. Meaning: love and kisses.
Slang: lal. Meaning: laughing a lot or little.
Slang: lalb. Meaning: laughing a little bit.
Slang: lam. Meaning: leave a message run.
Slang: lamn. Meaning: look at me now.
Slang: lan. Meaning: local area network.
Slang: lapd. Meaning: los angeles police department.
Slang: larp. Meaning: live action role play.
Slang: lart. Meaning: luser attitude readjustment tool.
Slang: laser. Meaning: light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation.
Slang: lat. Meaning: living apart together.
Slang: latm. Meaning: laughing at the moment.
Slang: lbc. Meaning: long beach california.
Slang: lbd. Meaning: little black dress.
Slang: lbdn. Meaning: look busy doing nothing.
Slang: lbh. Meaning: let us be honest loser back home.
Slang: lbm. Meaning: little big man.
Slang: lbnl. Meaning: last but not least.
Slang: lbr. Meaning: loser beyond repair.
Slang: lbrs. Meaning: lower blackrock spire .
Slang: lbvs. Meaning: laughing but very serious.
Slang: lbw. Meaning: leg before wicket .
Slang: lc. Meaning: lower case.
Slang: lcd. Meaning: liquid crystal display.
Slang: lcts. Meaning: let us change the subject.
Slang: ld. Meaning: link dead .
Slang: lda. Meaning: long distance affair.
Slang: ldh. Meaning: long distance hug.
Slang: ldi. Meaning: let us do it.
Slang: ldl. Meaning: long distance lover.
Slang: ldo. Meaning: like duh obviously.
Slang: ldr. Meaning: long distance relationship.
Slang: lds. Meaning: latter day saint.
Slang: le. Meaning: limited edition law enforcement.
Slang: lec. Meaning: local exchange carrier.
Slang: led. Meaning: light emiting diode.
Slang: leo. Meaning: law enforcement officer.
Slang: lev. Meaning: low emission vehicle.
Slang: lf. Meaning: looking for.
Slang: lf1m. Meaning: looking for one more.
Slang: lfdy. Meaning: live fast die young.
Slang: lfg. Meaning: looking for group.
Slang: lfm. Meaning: looking for more.
Slang: lfmf. Meaning: learn from my fail.
Slang: lfp. Meaning: looking for party .
Slang: lfti. Meaning: looking forward to it.
Slang: lftsu. Meaning: look forward to seeing you.
Slang: lfw. Meaning: looking for work.
Slang: lg. Meaning: little girl.
Slang: lgbtq. Meaning: lesbian gay bisexual trans questioning.
Slang: lgd. Meaning: let us get drunk.
Slang: lgfb. Meaning: looks good from behind.
Slang: lgmh. Meaning: love gives me hope.
Slang: lgo. Meaning: life goes on.
Slang: lgt. Meaning: link goes to .
Slang: lgtm. Meaning: looks good to me.
Slang: lh. Meaning: living hell.
Slang: lhh. Meaning: laughing hella hard.
Slang: lhk. Meaning: love hugs and kisses.
Slang: lhm. Meaning: lord have mercy lord help me.
Slang: lhyw. Meaning: like hell you will.
Slang: li. Meaning: laughing inside.
Slang: lifo. Meaning: last in first out.
Slang: lig. Meaning: let it go.
Slang: lih. Meaning: laugh in head.
Slang: lihop. Meaning: let it happen on purpose.
Slang: liita. Meaning: love is in the air.
Slang: lilaboc. Meaning: life is like a box of chocolates.
Slang: limb. Meaning: laughing in my brain.
Slang: limh. Meaning: laughing in my head.
Slang: limm. Meaning: laughing in my mind.
Slang: lirl. Meaning: laughing in real life.
Slang: lis. Meaning: laughing in silence.
Slang: lits. Meaning: life is too short.
Slang: liu. Meaning: look it up.
Slang: ljbf. Meaning: let us just be friends.
Slang: ll. Meaning: laugh loudly lol.
Slang: llap. Meaning: live long and prosper.
Slang: llc. Meaning: limited liability company laughing like crazy.
Slang: llh. Meaning: laughing like hell.
Slang: lll. Meaning: loony liberal left.
Slang: llttf. Meaning: living life to the fullest.
Slang: lm. Meaning: loud mouth.
Slang: lma. Meaning: leave me alone.
Slang: lmad. Meaning: let us make a deal.
Slang: lmam. Meaning: leave me a message.
Slang: lmap. Meaning: leave me alone please.
Slang: lmc. Meaning: let me check.
Slang: lmco. Meaning: laughing my cats off.
Slang: lmg. Meaning: light machine gun.
Slang: lmgtfy. Meaning: let me google that for you.
Slang: lmho. Meaning: laughing my head off.
Slang: lmirl. Meaning: let us meet in real life.
Slang: lml. Meaning: love my life.
Slang: lmpo. Meaning: laughing my pants off.
Slang: lmr. Meaning: last minute resistance.
Slang: lms. Meaning: like my status last man standing.
Slang: lmso. Meaning: laughing my socks off.
Slang: lmt. Meaning: let me think.
Slang: lmtal. Meaning: let me take a look.
Slang: lnf. Meaning: lifes not fair.
Slang: lnib. Meaning: like new in box.
Slang: lnt. Meaning: leave no trace.
Slang: loa. Meaning: leave of absence.
Slang: lolak. Meaning: lots of love and kisses.
Slang: loll. Meaning: laugh out loud literally.
Slang: lolol. Meaning: lots of laughing out loud.
Slang: lolv. Meaning: lots of love.
Slang: lomb. Meaning: lying on my bed.
Slang: loml. Meaning: love of my life.
Slang: lomo. Meaning: lights out missionary only.
Slang: lool. Meaning: laughing outlandishly out loud.
Slang: loq. Meaning: laugh out quietly.
Slang: lorl. Meaning: laugh out really loud.
Slang: los. Meaning: line of site.
Slang: lotd. Meaning: link of the day.
Slang: lotr. Meaning: lord of the rings.
Slang: lotro. Meaning: lord of the rings online .
Slang: lovl. Meaning: laughing out very loud.
Slang: loyol. Meaning: live out your own life.
Slang: loz. Meaning: legend of zelda.
Slang: lp. Meaning: long play .
Slang: lpg. Meaning: liquefied petroleum gas.
Slang: lpt. Meaning: life pro tip.
Slang: lqi. Meaning: laughing quietly inside.
Slang: lql. Meaning: laughing quite loudly.
Slang: lqtm. Meaning: laughing quietly to myself.
Slang: lqtms. Meaning: laughing quietly to myself.
Slang: lqty. Meaning: laughing quietly to yourself.
Slang: lrf. Meaning: low resolution fox.
Slang: lrg. Meaning: lifted research group .
Slang: lrl. Meaning: laughing really loud.
Slang: lsat. Meaning: law school admission test.
Slang: lse. Meaning: london school of economics low self esteem.
Slang: lsh. Meaning: laughing so hard.
Slang: lshic. Meaning: laughing so hard i am crying.
Slang: lshidmt. Meaning: laughing so hard i drop my taco.
Slang: lshmbh. Meaning: laughing so hard my belly hurts.
Slang: lsi. Meaning: limited social interaction.
Slang: lsmft. Meaning: lucky strike means fine tobacco.
Slang: lsmih. Meaning: laughing so much it hurts.
Slang: lsp. Meaning: love sick puppy.
Slang: lss. Meaning: last song syndrome.
Slang: lstm. Meaning: laughing silently to myself.
Slang: lta. Meaning: love to all.
Slang: ltb. Meaning: looking to buy.
Slang: ltd. Meaning: live or living the dream.
Slang: ltg. Meaning: learn to google.
Slang: lth. Meaning: love truth honor.
Slang: ltic. Meaning: laugh til i cry.
Slang: ltl. Meaning: living the life.
Slang: ltm. Meaning: laughing to myself.
Slang: ltma. Meaning: less talk more action.
Slang: ltmq. Meaning: laughing to myself quietly.
Slang: ltms. Meaning: laughing to myself.
Slang: ltnc. Meaning: long time no chat.
Slang: ltnt. Meaning: long time no talk.
Slang: ltp. Meaning: lost the plot.
Slang: ltr. Meaning: long term relationship.
Slang: lts. Meaning: laugh to self.
Slang: lty. Meaning: laugh to yourself.
Slang: lui. Meaning: living under the infuence.
Slang: lul. Meaning: lame uncomfortable laugh.
Slang: lulab. Meaning: love you like a brother.
Slang: lulas. Meaning: love you like a sister.
Slang: lv. Meaning: louis vuitton las vegas level.
Slang: lw. Meaning: lucky win.
Slang: lwicd. Meaning: look what i can do.
Slang: lwkm. Meaning: laugh wan kill me .
Slang: lwkmd. Meaning: laugh wan kill me die.
Slang: lwm. Meaning: laugh with me.
Slang: lwp. Meaning: laughing with passion.
Slang: lwt. Meaning: look who is talking.
Slang: lwwy. Meaning: live while we are young.
Slang: ly. Meaning: love you.
Slang: lya. Meaning: love you always.
Slang: lyaaf. Meaning: love you as a friend love you always and forever.
Slang: lyb. Meaning: love you bye.
Slang: lyf. Meaning: love you forever.
Slang: lyk. Meaning: let you know.
Slang: lyl. Meaning: love you lots.
Slang: lylab. Meaning: love you like a brother.
Slang: lylaf. Meaning: love you like a friend.
Slang: lylc. Meaning: love you like crazy.
Slang: lylmb. Meaning: love you like my brother.
Slang: lylt. Meaning: love you long time.
Slang: lym. Meaning: love you more.
Slang: lymi. Meaning: love you mean it.
Slang: lymy. Meaning: love you miss you.
Slang: lymywy. Meaning: love you miss you want you.
Slang: lyr. Meaning: love you really.
Slang: lyt. Meaning: love you too.
Slang: lytd. Meaning: love you to death.
Slang: lz. Meaning: landing zone.
Slang: ma. Meaning: mom alert master of arts.
Slang: maab. Meaning: male assigned at birth.
Slang: mac. Meaning: media access control macintosh.
Slang: madd. Meaning: mothers against drunk driving.
Slang: mapoti. Meaning: most annoying people on the internet.
Slang: mas. Meaning: mildly amused smirk.
Slang: maw. Meaning: might as well.
Slang: mawoy. Meaning: may angels watch over you.
Slang: mba. Meaning: masters of business association married but available.
Slang: mbd. Meaning: my bad dudes.
Slang: mbf. Meaning: my best friend.
Slang: mbfam. Meaning: my brother from another mother.
Slang: mbm. Meaning: married black male.
Slang: mbn. Meaning: must be nice.
Slang: mbo. Meaning: must be off management buy out.
Slang: mbps. Meaning: megabits or bytes per second.
Slang: mbr. Meaning: master boot record.
Slang: mbt. Meaning: masai barefoot technology .
Slang: mbw. Meaning: married black woman.
Slang: mcl. Meaning: much clown love.
Slang: mcm. Meaning: man crush monday.
Slang: mcp. Meaning: male chauvanist pig.
Slang: mcr. Meaning: my chemical romance .
Slang: mcw. Meaning: man crush wednesday.
Slang: mdf. Meaning: medium density fiberboard.
Slang: mdk. Meaning: murder death kill.
Slang: mdr. Meaning: mort de rire .
Slang: mdw. Meaning: memorial day weekend.
Slang: mego. Meaning: my eyes glazed over.
Slang: mfc. Meaning: mildly fat chick microsoft foundation classes.
Slang: mfeo. Meaning: made for each other.
Slang: mfg. Meaning: mit freundlichen gruessen .
Slang: mfl. Meaning: marked for later.
Slang: mfw. Meaning: my face when .
Slang: mgby. Meaning: may god bless you.
Slang: mgd. Meaning: miller genuine draft.
Slang: mgk. Meaning: machine gun kelly.
Slang: mgm. Meaning: male genital mutilation.
Slang: mgo. Meaning: metal gear online .
Slang: mgs. Meaning: metal gear solid .
Slang: mh. Meaning: map hack.
Slang: mhbfy. Meaning: my heart bleeds for you.
Slang: mho. Meaning: my honest opinion.
Slang: mhoty. Meaning: my hats off to you.
Slang: mhr. Meaning: many happy returns.
Slang: mi6. Meaning: military intelligence service 6.
Slang: mia. Meaning: missing in action.
Slang: mib. Meaning: men in black mint in box.
Slang: midi. Meaning: musical instrument digital interface.
Slang: miga. Meaning: make it go away.
Slang: mih. Meaning: make it happen.
Slang: mihop. Meaning: made it happen on purpose.
Slang: mil. Meaning: mother in law.
Slang: mimo. Meaning: multiple input multiple output.
Slang: mip. Meaning: minor in possession.
Slang: mips. Meaning: million instructions per second.
Slang: mirl. Meaning: meet in real life.
Slang: misb. Meaning: mint  in sealed box.
Slang: miso. Meaning: my internet shut off.
Slang: mj. Meaning: michael jackson michael jordan marijuana.
Slang: mlas. Meaning: my lips are sealed.
Slang: mlb. Meaning: major league baseball.
Slang: mlg. Meaning: major league gaming.
Slang: mlia. Meaning: my life is average.
Slang: mlib. Meaning: my life is bro.
Slang: mlig. Meaning: my life is great or good.
Slang: mlim. Meaning: my life is magic.
Slang: mlm. Meaning: multi level marketing middle finger .
Slang: mlp. Meaning: my little pony.
Slang: mls. Meaning: my life sucks.
Slang: mltr. Meaning: multiple long term relationships.
Slang: mlyp. Meaning: much like your post.
Slang: mm2. Meaning: message mode 2 .
Slang: mma. Meaning: meet me at.
Slang: mmamp. Meaning: meet me at my place.
Slang: mmao. Meaning: make me an offer.
Slang: mmc. Meaning: multimedia card.
Slang: mmd. Meaning: make my day.
Slang: mmh. Meaning: meet me halfway.
Slang: mmi. Meaning: me myself and i.
Slang: mml. Meaning: made me laugh.
Slang: mmofps. Meaning: massively multiplayer online first person shooter.
Slang: mmorpg. Meaning: massively multiplayer online role playing game.
Slang: mms. Meaning: multimedia messaging service.
Slang: mmt. Meaning: makes me think.
Slang: mmv. Meaning: mileage may vary.
Slang: mnc. Meaning: mobile network code.
Slang: mnf. Meaning: monday night football.
Slang: mnt. Meaning: maybe next time.
Slang: mo. Meaning: modus operandi .
Slang: moab. Meaning: mother of all bombs massive ordnance air blast.
Slang: moam. Meaning: man on a mission.
Slang: moas. Meaning: mother of all secrets.
Slang: moba. Meaning: multiplayer online battle arena.
Slang: moc. Meaning: marriage of convenience my own creation.
Slang: moh. Meaning: my other half.
Slang: mol. Meaning: more or less.
Slang: moo. Meaning: matter of opinion my own opinion.
Slang: mopo. Meaning: master of the painfully obvious.
Slang: moq. Meaning: minimum order quantity.
Slang: mos. Meaning: mom over shoulder.
Slang: mot. Meaning: ministry of transport test for car safety.
Slang: motb. Meaning: mother of the bride.
Slang: motd. Meaning: message of the day match of the day.
Slang: motku. Meaning: master of the known universe.
Slang: moto. Meaning: master of the obvious.
Slang: motwyw. Meaning: make of that what you will.
Slang: mou. Meaning: memorandum of understanding.
Slang: mp. Meaning: military police member of parliament.
Slang: mpa. Meaning: music publishers association.
Slang: mpaa. Meaning: motion picture assosciation of america.
Slang: mpe. Meaning: my point exactly.
Slang: mpeg. Meaning: moving picture experts group audio or visual file format.
Slang: mpg. Meaning: miles per gallon.
Slang: mph. Meaning: miles per hour.
Slang: mpo. Meaning: my personal opinion.
Slang: mpog. Meaning: multiplayer online game.
Slang: mpua. Meaning: master pick up artist.
Slang: mpv. Meaning: multi purpose vehicle.
Slang: mr. Meaning: mentally retarded.
Slang: mre. Meaning: meal ready to eat.
Slang: mri. Meaning: magnetic resonance imaging.
Slang: mrp. Meaning: manufacturers recommended price.
Slang: mrw. Meaning: my reaction when.
Slang: msdn. Meaning: microsoft developer network.
Slang: msdos. Meaning: microsoft disk operating system.
Slang: ms dos. Meaning: microsoft disk operating system.
Slang: msf. Meaning: male seeking female.
Slang: msfam. Meaning: my sister from another mister.
Slang: msg. Meaning: message monosodium glutamate.
Slang: msi. Meaning: mindless self indulgence .
Slang: msrp. Meaning: manufacturers suggested retail price.
Slang: mst. Meaning: mystery science theater.
Slang: mta. Meaning: more than anything.
Slang: mtbf. Meaning: mean time between failures .
Slang: mtbmw. Meaning: may the best man win.
Slang: mtc. Meaning: more to come.
Slang: mtd. Meaning: month to date.
Slang: mte. Meaning: my thoughts exactly.
Slang: mtf. Meaning: male to female.
Slang: mtfbwy. Meaning: may the force be with you.
Slang: mtg. Meaning: magic the gathering .
Slang: mtlbwy. Meaning: may the lord be with you.
Slang: mto. Meaning: media take out .
Slang: mtuk. Meaning: more than you know.
Slang: mtv. Meaning: music television.
Slang: mtw. Meaning: mums the word.
Slang: mtyk. Meaning: more than you know.
Slang: mua. Meaning: make up alley .
Slang: mud. Meaning: multi user dungeon.
Slang: mung. Meaning: mash until no good.
Slang: mva. Meaning: motor vehicle accident.
Slang: mvp. Meaning: most valuable player.
Slang: mw2. Meaning: modern warfare 2 .
Slang: mw3. Meaning: modern warfare 3 .
Slang: mwc. Meaning: married with children.
Slang: mwf. Meaning: married white female.
Slang: mwi. Meaning: mad with it .
Slang: mwm. Meaning: married white male.
Slang: mwpp. Meaning: moony wormtail padfoot and prongs .
Slang: my. Meaning: miss you.
Slang: myb. Meaning: mind your business.
Slang: mych. Meaning: maybe you can help.
Slang: myf. Meaning: miss your  face.
Slang: myggwy. Meaning: may your god go with you.
Slang: myl. Meaning: miss you loads.
Slang: mymp. Meaning: make your mama proud.
Slang: myodb. Meaning: mind your own damn business.
Slang: mysm. Meaning: miss you so much.
Slang: myt. Meaning: meet you there.
Slang: na. Meaning: not available not applicable not announced.
Slang: naa. Meaning: not at all.
Slang: naacp. Meaning: national association for the advancement of colored people.
Slang: nabd. Meaning: not a big deal.
Slang: nac. Meaning: not a chance not a chain .
Slang: nagl. Meaning: not a good look.
Slang: nak. Meaning: nursing at keyboard.
Slang: nal. Meaning: need a life.
Slang: nalgas. Meaning: buttocks.
Slang: nalgo. Meaning: not a lot going on.
Slang: nalopkt. Meaning: not a lot of people know that.
Slang: nambla. Meaning: north american man or boy love association.
Slang: nap. Meaning: not a problem.
Slang: narp. Meaning: non athletic regular person.
Slang: naru. Meaning: not a registered user.
Slang: nas. Meaning: network attached storage.
Slang: nasa. Meaning: national aeronautics and space administration.
Slang: nascar. Meaning: national association for stock car auto racing.
Slang: nasdaq. Meaning: national association of securities dealers automated quotation.
Slang: nasl. Meaning: name age sex location.
Slang: natm. Meaning: not at the moment.
Slang: nato. Meaning: north atlantic treaty organization no action talk only.
Slang: natty. Meaning: natural light beer smart good cool.
Slang: nb. Meaning: not bad nota bene .
Slang: nba. Meaning: national basketball association.
Slang: nbb. Meaning: never been better.
Slang: nbc. Meaning: national broadcasting company.
Slang: nbd. Meaning: no big deal.
Slang: nbf. Meaning: new best friend.
Slang: nbg. Meaning: nasty but good.
Slang: nbif. Meaning: no basis in fact.
Slang: nbk. Meaning: natural born killers never been kissed.
Slang: nbm. Meaning: nil by mouth not before midnight.
Slang: nbsb. Meaning: no boyfriend since birth.
Slang: nbt. Meaning: nothing but trouble.
Slang: nbtd. Meaning: nothing better to do.
Slang: nbtw. Meaning: now back to work.
Slang: nc. Meaning: no comment no choice.
Slang: nc 17. Meaning: no children under 17 .
Slang: ncaa. Meaning: national collegiate athletic association.
Slang: ncb. Meaning: never coming back.
Slang: ncis. Meaning: naval criminal investigative service .
Slang: ncmo. Meaning: non committal make out.
Slang: ncnr. Meaning: non cancelable non returnable.
Slang: ncns. Meaning: no call no show.
Slang: nco. Meaning: non commissioned officer.
Slang: nda. Meaning: non disclosure agreement.
Slang: nde. Meaning: near death experience.
Slang: ndi. Meaning: neither do i.
Slang: ndp. Meaning: new democratic party.
Slang: ndr. Meaning: non delivery report or receipt.
Slang: nds. Meaning: nintendo ds.
Slang: nea. Meaning: national education association.
Slang: ned. Meaning: non educated delinquent.
Slang: nedm. Meaning: not even doom music.
Slang: neet. Meaning: not in education employment or training.
Slang: negl. Meaning: not even going to lie.
Slang: negu. Meaning: never ever give up.
Slang: nei. Meaning: not enough information.
Slang: ner. Meaning: non existent relationship.
Slang: nf. Meaning: not funny.
Slang: nfa. Meaning: no further action.
Slang: nfaa. Meaning: not funny at all.
Slang: nfi. Meaning: no freakin idea.
Slang: nfl. Meaning: national football league.
Slang: nfn. Meaning: normal for norfolk.
Slang: nfsw. Meaning: not for showing wife.
Slang: nft. Meaning: no further text.
Slang: nfy. Meaning: not fixed yet.
Slang: nfz. Meaning: no fly zone.
Slang: ng. Meaning: no good.
Slang: ngh. Meaning: not going to happen.
Slang: ngl. Meaning: not going to lie.
Slang: ngo. Meaning: non governmental organization.
Slang: ngu. Meaning: never give up.
Slang: nguns. Meaning: never give up never surrender.
Slang: nh. Meaning: nice hand .
Slang: nhb. Meaning: no holding back no holds barred.
Slang: nhd. Meaning: no harm done.
Slang: nhf. Meaning: no hard feelings.
Slang: nhft. Meaning: not here for that.
Slang: nhl. Meaning: national hockey league.
Slang: nhn. Meaning: not here now.
Slang: nhoi. Meaning: never heard of it.
Slang: nhs. Meaning: national health service.
Slang: nhtb. Meaning: never heard that before.
Slang: ni. Meaning: no idea.
Slang: niamy. Meaning: never in a million years.
Slang: nib. Meaning: new in box.
Slang: nic. Meaning: network interface card.
Slang: nice. Meaning: national institute of clinical excellence.
Slang: nicu. Meaning: neonatal intensive care unit.
Slang: nid. Meaning: never in doubt.
Slang: nik. Meaning: now i know.
Slang: nimby. Meaning: not in my back yard.
Slang: niml. Meaning: never in my life not in my lifetime.
Slang: nin. Meaning: nine inch nails.
Slang: nism. Meaning: need i say more.
Slang: nitm. Meaning: not in the mood.
Slang: nitw. Meaning: not in that way.
Slang: nj. Meaning: not joking nice job.
Slang: njpw. Meaning: new japan pro wrestling.
Slang: nk. Meaning: no kidding not known.
Slang: nka. Meaning: no known allergies.
Slang: nkotb. Meaning: new kid on the block.
Slang: nkz. Meaning: no kill zone.
Slang: nla. Meaning: no longer available.
Slang: nli. Meaning: not logged in.
Slang: nlm. Meaning: no laughing matter.
Slang: nlt. Meaning: no later than.
Slang: nlyg. Meaning: never let you go.
Slang: nme. Meaning: new musical express .
Slang: nmf. Meaning: not my fault.
Slang: nmg. Meaning: no mames guey .
Slang: nmh. Meaning: nodding my head.
Slang: nmhjc. Meaning: not much happening just chilling.
Slang: nmi. Meaning: need more info.
Slang: nmj. Meaning: not my job.
Slang: nmjc. Meaning: not much just chat.
Slang: nmjcu. Meaning: not much just chillin you.
Slang: nmn. Meaning: no middle name.
Slang: nmo. Meaning: not my opinion.
Slang: nmp. Meaning: not my problem.
Slang: nmr. Meaning: not my responsibility.
Slang: nms. Meaning: not my style.
Slang: nmt. Meaning: not my type.
Slang: nmu. Meaning: not much you.
Slang: nmw. Meaning: no matter what.
Slang: nmwh. Meaning: no matter what happens.
Slang: nmy. Meaning: nice meeting you.
Slang: nn. Meaning: night night no need not nice.
Slang: nnito. Meaning: not necessarily in that order.
Slang: nnto. Meaning: no need to open.
Slang: nntp. Meaning: network news transfer protocol.
Slang: nntr. Meaning: no need to reply.
Slang: noc. Meaning: no one cares.
Slang: noi. Meaning: no offense intended.
Slang: nok. Meaning: not okay no one knows.
Slang: nokd. Meaning: not our kind dear.
Slang: noly. Meaning: no one likes you.
Slang: nom. Meaning: no offence meant.
Slang: nomb. Meaning: none of my business.
Slang: nos. Meaning: new old stock.
Slang: nota. Meaning: none of the above.
Slang: notb. Meaning: none of their business.
Slang: notw. Meaning: not of this world.
Slang: noydb. Meaning: none of your damn business.
Slang: npaa. Meaning: no problem at all.
Slang: npc. Meaning: non player character .
Slang: npi. Meaning: no pun intended.
Slang: npnt. Meaning: no picture no talk.
Slang: npo. Meaning: never pull out.
Slang: npr. Meaning: national public radio no purchase required.
Slang: npw. Meaning: no problem whatsoever.
Slang: npz. Meaning: no problems.
Slang: nqat. Meaning: no question about that.
Slang: nqr. Meaning: not quite right.
Slang: nr. Meaning: no reply no reserve.
Slang: nra. Meaning: national rifle association.
Slang: nre. Meaning: new relationship energy.
Slang: nrfb. Meaning: never removed from box.
Slang: nri. Meaning: non resident indian non repairable item.
Slang: nrl. Meaning: national rugby league.
Slang: nrn. Meaning: no reply necessary.
Slang: nsa. Meaning: no strings attached.
Slang: nsaw. Meaning: not saying a word.
Slang: nsd. Meaning: never say die.
Slang: nsf. Meaning: not sufficient funds not so fast.
Slang: nsfa. Meaning: not safe for anyone.
Slang: nsftbc. Meaning: not sorry for the broadcast.
Slang: nsfv. Meaning: not safe for viewing or vegetarians or vegans.
Slang: nsm. Meaning: not so much.
Slang: nsn. Meaning: not so nice.
Slang: nspcc. Meaning: national society for prevention of cruelty to children.
Slang: nsw. Meaning: new south wales.
Slang: nt. Meaning: no thanks.
Slang: ntb. Meaning: not that bothered not too bad.
Slang: ntbcw. Meaning: not to be confused with.
Slang: ntd. Meaning: nothing to do.
Slang: ntfs. Meaning: new technology file system.
Slang: ntk. Meaning: need to know.
Slang: ntl. Meaning: nevertheless.
Slang: ntm. Meaning: not too much nothing much.
Slang: ntmy. Meaning: nice to meet you.
Slang: ntn. Meaning: no thanks needed.
Slang: ntr. Meaning: nothing to report.
Slang: ntsc. Meaning: national television system committee video standard.
Slang: ntsh. Meaning: nothing to see here.
Slang: ntt. Meaning: name that tune not touching that.
Slang: nttawwt. Meaning: not that there is anything wrong with that.
Slang: nttu. Meaning: not talking to you.
Slang: ntw. Meaning: not to worry.
Slang: ntwf. Meaning: neopian times writers forum.
Slang: nty. Meaning: no thank you.
Slang: nus. Meaning: national union of students.
Slang: nvms. Meaning: no visible means of support.
Slang: nvn. Meaning: not very nice.
Slang: nvng. Meaning: nothing ventured nothing gained.
Slang: nw. Meaning: no way.
Slang: nwih. Meaning: no way in hell.
Slang: nwim. Meaning: not what i mean.
Slang: nwj. Meaning: no way jose.
Slang: nwly. Meaning: never want to lose you.
Slang: nwm. Meaning: no worries mate.
Slang: nwnc. Meaning: no woman no cry.
Slang: nwo. Meaning: new world order.
Slang: nwot. Meaning: new without tags .
Slang: nws. Meaning: not work safe for messages or sites containing adult content.
Slang: nwt. Meaning: new with tags.
Slang: ny. Meaning: new york.
Slang: nyb. Meaning: not your business.
Slang: nyc. Meaning: new york city.
Slang: nyd. Meaning: new years day.
Slang: nye. Meaning: new years eve.
Slang: nyf. Meaning: not your fault.
Slang: nyi. Meaning: not yet implemented.
Slang: nyk. Meaning: not yet known now you know.
Slang: nyob. Meaning: not your own business.
Slang: nyp. Meaning: not your problem.
Slang: nypd. Meaning: new york police department.
Slang: nyse. Meaning: new york stock exchange.
Slang: nyt. Meaning: not your type new york times.
Slang: nyu. Meaning: new york university.
Slang: oa. Meaning: over acting over achiever.
Slang: oan. Meaning: on another note.
Slang: oao. Meaning: over and out.
Slang: oap. Meaning: old age pensioner.
Slang: oatus. Meaning: on a totally unrelated subject.
Slang: oaus. Meaning: on an unrelated subject.
Slang: ob. Meaning: oh brother.
Slang: obby. Meaning: oh baby.
Slang: obe. Meaning: overcome by events out of body experience order of the british empire.
Slang: obhwf. Meaning: one big happy weasely family.
Slang: obo. Meaning: or best offer.
Slang: obq. Meaning: oh be quiet.
Slang: obtw. Meaning: oh by the way.
Slang: obx. Meaning: outer banks north carolina.
Slang: oc. Meaning: of course original character orange county.
Slang: ocd. Meaning: obsessive compulsive disorder.
Slang: ocn. Meaning: of course not.
Slang: oco. Meaning: oh come on.
Slang: ocr. Meaning: optical character recognition.
Slang: oct. Meaning: on company time.
Slang: odaat. Meaning: one day at  a time.
Slang: odf. Meaning: own damn fault.
Slang: odg. Meaning: oh dear god.
Slang: odl. Meaning: oh dear lord.
Slang: odst. Meaning: orbital drop shock trooper .
Slang: odt. Meaning: on dis ting.
Slang: oe. Meaning: outlook express operator error.
Slang: oed. Meaning: oxford english dictionary.
Slang: oem. Meaning: original equipment manufacurer.
Slang: ofay. Meaning: offensive term for a white person.
Slang: ofgs. Meaning: oh for gods sake.
Slang: ofh. Meaning: old folks home.
Slang: ofoc. Meaning: overwhelming feelings of concern.
Slang: ofwgkta. Meaning: odd future wolf gang kill them all .
Slang: og. Meaning: original gangster old git.
Slang: ogim. Meaning: oh god it is monday.
Slang: ogk. Meaning: only god knows.
Slang: ogn. Meaning: online gaming network.
Slang: ohac. Meaning: own house and car.
Slang: ohim. Meaning: oh hell it is monday.
Slang: ohko. Meaning: one hit knock out.
Slang: ohn. Meaning: oh hell no.
Slang: ohs. Meaning: operator head space.
Slang: oht. Meaning: one handed typing.
Slang: ohw. Meaning: one hit wonder.
Slang: oj. Meaning: only joking.
Slang: ojd. Meaning: obsessive jonas  disorder.
Slang: ojt. Meaning: on job training.
Slang: oled. Meaning: organic light emitting diode.
Slang: ollg. Meaning: one less lonely girl.
Slang: oloy. Meaning: only losers obey yolo.
Slang: oltl. Meaning: one life to live.
Slang: om. Meaning: old man.
Slang: oma. Meaning: oh my allah.
Slang: omb. Meaning: on my break.
Slang: omd. Meaning: oh my days.
Slang: omdb. Meaning: over my dead body.
Slang: omfsm. Meaning: oh my flying spaghetti monster.
Slang: omfug. Meaning: other music found underground.
Slang: omga. Meaning: oh my giddy aunt.
Slang: omgd. Meaning: oh my god dude.
Slang: omgna. Meaning: oh my gosh not again.
Slang: omj. Meaning: oh my jonas .
Slang: omjc. Meaning: oh my jesus christ.
Slang: oml. Meaning: oh my lord.
Slang: oms. Meaning: oh my science.
Slang: omsj. Meaning: oh my sweet jesus.
Slang: omt. Meaning: one more thing.
Slang: omwh. Meaning: on my way home.
Slang: omz. Meaning: oh my zeus.
Slang: onm. Meaning: oh never mind.
Slang: onna. Meaning: oh no not again.
Slang: onnta. Meaning: oh no not this again.
Slang: ono. Meaning: or nearest offer.
Slang: ons. Meaning: one night stand.
Slang: ontd. Meaning: oh no they did not.
Slang: onyd. Meaning: oh no you did not.
Slang: ooa. Meaning: out of ammo.
Slang: ooak. Meaning: one of a kind.
Slang: oobe. Meaning: out of body experience.
Slang: ooc. Meaning: out of control or character or context.
Slang: oof. Meaning: out of office.
Slang: ooh. Meaning: out of here.
Slang: ooi. Meaning: out of interest.
Slang: oom. Meaning: out of mana .
Slang: oomf. Meaning: one of my friends or followers.
Slang: ooml. Meaning: out of my league.
Slang: oomm. Meaning: out of my mind.
Slang: ooo. Meaning: out of office.
Slang: oop. Meaning: out of place.
Slang: oos. Meaning: out of style.
Slang: oosoom. Meaning: out of sight out of mind.
Slang: oot. Meaning: out of town.
Slang: ootb. Meaning: out of the box.
Slang: ootc. Meaning: obligatory on topic comment.
Slang: ootd. Meaning: offer of the day outfit of the day.
Slang: ooto. Meaning: out of the office.
Slang: ootw. Meaning: out of this world.
Slang: ooyl. Meaning: out of your league.
Slang: ooym. Meaning: out of your mind.
Slang: op. Meaning: original poster.
Slang: opb. Meaning: other peoples business.
Slang: opk. Meaning: other peoples kids.
Slang: opm. Meaning: other peoples money.
Slang: opps. Meaning: misspelling of oops.
Slang: osfa. Meaning: one size fits all.
Slang: oslt. Meaning: or something like that.
Slang: oso. Meaning: other significant other.
Slang: oss. Meaning: open source software.
Slang: ost. Meaning: original sound track.
Slang: ota. Meaning: over the air.
Slang: otc. Meaning: over the counter.
Slang: otd. Meaning: on the dot out the door.
Slang: ote. Meaning: over the edge.
Slang: otf. Meaning: off topic forum.
Slang: otfl. Meaning: on the floor laughing.
Slang: otg. Meaning: on the go off the ground.
Slang: oth. Meaning: off the hook.
Slang: otk. Meaning: over the knee.
Slang: otlta. Meaning: one thing led to another.
Slang: otm. Meaning: of the moment one track mind.
Slang: otn. Meaning: on that note.
Slang: oto. Meaning: one time only.
Slang: otooh. Meaning: on the other other hand.
Slang: otr. Meaning: on the run.
Slang: ots. Meaning: on the side.
Slang: otth. Meaning: on the third hand.
Slang: ottomh. Meaning: off the top of my head.
Slang: otw. Meaning: on the whole.
Slang: oty. Meaning: over to you.
Slang: ou. Meaning: open university.
Slang: ouat. Meaning: once upon a time.
Slang: ouo. Meaning: official use only.
Slang: ova. Meaning: original video animation.
Slang: ovno. Meaning: or very near offer.
Slang: owk. Meaning: other world kingdom.
Slang: ownm. Meaning: oh well never mind.
Slang: owoa. Meaning: one way or another.
Slang: ows. Meaning: occupy wall street.
Slang: owtte. Meaning: or words to that effect.
Slang: oy. Meaning: oh yeah.
Slang: oyb. Meaning: on your bike.
Slang: oyg. Meaning: oh your god.
Slang: oyo. Meaning: on your own.
Slang: pa. Meaning: personal assistant.
Slang: pabx. Meaning: private automatic branch exchange.
Slang: pan. Meaning: personal area network.
Slang: patd. Meaning: panic at the disco .
Slang: patt. Meaning: party all the time.
Slang: paye. Meaning: pay as you earn.
Slang: payg. Meaning: pay as you go.
Slang: pb. Meaning: personal best.
Slang: pbb. Meaning: pirate bulletin board.
Slang: pbj. Meaning: peanut butter and jelly.
Slang: pbn. Meaning: paintball nation.
Slang: pbp. Meaning: please be patient.
Slang: pbq. Meaning: please be quiet.
Slang: pbr. Meaning: pabst blue ribbon .
Slang: pbs. Meaning: public broadcasting service.
Slang: pbuh. Meaning: peace be upon him.
Slang: pbwy. Meaning: peace be with you.
Slang: pc. Meaning: politically correct personal computer.
Slang: pcb. Meaning: printed circuit board  please come back.
Slang: pci. Meaning: peripheral component interconnect.
Slang: pcmcia. Meaning: personal computer memory card international association.
Slang: pcmia. Meaning: personal computer manufacturer interface adaptor.
Slang: pcmr. Meaning: pc master race.
Slang: pd. Meaning: public domain.
Slang: pda. Meaning: personal digital assistant.
Slang: pdbaz. Meaning: please do not be a zombie.
Slang: pdea. Meaning: public display of elderly affection.
Slang: pdf. Meaning: portable document format.
Slang: pdg. Meaning: pretty damn good.
Slang: pdoa. Meaning: public display of affection.
Slang: pdp. Meaning: pretty darn precious.
Slang: pdq. Meaning: pretty damn quick.
Slang: pdt. Meaning: pacific daylight time.
Slang: pe. Meaning: physical education.
Slang: pebcac. Meaning: problem exists between chair and computer.
Slang: pebcak. Meaning: problem exists between chair and keyboard.
Slang: pebkac. Meaning: problem exists between keyboard and chair.
Slang: pemdas. Meaning: parenthesis exponents multiply divide add subtract.
Slang: pews. Meaning: post election withdrawal syndrome.
Slang: pfa. Meaning: please find attached.
Slang: pfb. Meaning: please find below.
Slang: pfc. Meaning: private first class.
Slang: pfp. Meaning: picture for proof.
Slang: pg. Meaning: parental guidance.
Slang: pga. Meaning: professional golfers association.
Slang: pgda. Meaning: pretty goddamn awesome.
Slang: pgp. Meaning: pretty good privacy .
Slang: phat. Meaning: pretty hot and tempting.
Slang: phb. Meaning: pointy haired boss .
Slang: pibe. Meaning: play it by ear.
Slang: pic. Meaning: picture partner in crime.
Slang: picnic. Meaning: problem in chair not in computer.
Slang: pimpl. Meaning: pee in my pants laughing.
Slang: pin. Meaning: personal identification number.
Slang: pipa. Meaning: protect ip act.
Slang: piq. Meaning: person in question.
Slang: pir. Meaning: parent in room.
Slang: pitme. Meaning: peace in the middle east.
Slang: pitr. Meaning: parent in the room.
Slang: piu. Meaning: pump it up.
Slang: pk. Meaning: player kill .
Slang: pkb. Meaning: pot kettle black.
Slang: pki. Meaning: public key infrastructure.
Slang: pkit. Meaning: please keep in touch.
Slang: pla. Meaning: peoples liberation army.
Slang: plc. Meaning: public limited company.
Slang: pld. Meaning: poor life decision.
Slang: plh. Meaning: peace love and happiness.
Slang: pli. Meaning: potential love interest.
Slang: pll. Meaning: pretty little liar.
Slang: plma. Meaning: please leave me alone.
Slang: plmk. Meaning: please let me know.
Slang: plos. Meaning: parents looking over shoulder.
Slang: plp. Meaning: people lazily procrastinating.
Slang: plr. Meaning: private label rights.
Slang: plrn. Meaning: please leave right now.
Slang: plu. Meaning: people like us.
Slang: plur. Meaning: peace love unity and respect.
Slang: pm. Meaning: private message post meridiem .
Slang: pma. Meaning: positive mental attitude.
Slang: pmb. Meaning: private message box.
Slang: pmc. Meaning: post meal cigarette.
Slang: pmd. Meaning: put me down.
Slang: pmf. Meaning: pardon my french.
Slang: pmfji. Meaning: pardon me for jumping in.
Slang: pmigbom. Meaning: put mind in gear before opening mouth.
Slang: pmji. Meaning: pardon my jumping in.
Slang: pmt. Meaning: pre menstrual tension.
Slang: pmymhmmfswgad. Meaning: pardon me you must have mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Slang: pnc. Meaning: point and click partner in crime.
Slang: pnl. Meaning: peace and love.
Slang: pnp. Meaning: party and play.
Slang: pnr. Meaning: passenger name record.
Slang: pnw. Meaning: pacific north west.
Slang: poa. Meaning: plan of action.
Slang: pod. Meaning: passed out drunk.
Slang: pof. Meaning: plenty of fish  .
Slang: poi. Meaning: point of interest.
Slang: poidh. Meaning: pics or it did not happen.
Slang: pomo. Meaning: permanent open market operations post modern a group of native american people in california.
Slang: ponr. Meaning: point of no return.
Slang: potc. Meaning: pirates of the carribean.
Slang: potd. Meaning: post of the day.
Slang: poto. Meaning: phantom of the opera.
Slang: pots. Meaning: parents over the shoulder .
Slang: potus. Meaning: president of the united states.
Slang: potw. Meaning: patient of the week .
Slang: poty. Meaning: post of the year.
Slang: pow. Meaning: prisioner of war.
Slang: ppb. Meaning: parts per billion.
Slang: ppc. Meaning: pay per click.
Slang: ppd. Meaning: post potter depression.
Slang: ppm. Meaning: parts per million.
Slang: pppw. Meaning: per person per week.
Slang: pps. Meaning: post post script.
Slang: ppu. Meaning: please pick up.
Slang: ppv. Meaning: pay per view.
Slang: pq. Meaning: party quest .
Slang: pr. Meaning: public relations.
Slang: prc. Meaning: peoples republic of china.
Slang: ps. Meaning: photoshop play station post script.
Slang: ps&qs. Meaning: pints and quarts please and thank yous.
Slang: ps2. Meaning: playstation 2.
Slang: ps3. Meaning: playstation 3.
Slang: ps4. Meaning: playstation 4.
Slang: psa. Meaning: publice service announcement.
Slang: psb. Meaning: please see below.
Slang: psh. Meaning: dismissive expression.
Slang: psi. Meaning: pounds per square inch  greek letter.
Slang: psm. Meaning: personal short message.
Slang: psn. Meaning: playstation network.
Slang: psp. Meaning: playstation portable.
Slang: psr. Meaning: pretty standard really.
Slang: pst. Meaning: please send tell pacific standard time.
Slang: pstn. Meaning: public switched telephone network.
Slang: psu. Meaning: power supply unit.
Slang: pt. Meaning: phantasy tour physical training.
Slang: ptc. Meaning: popping the collar.
Slang: pti. Meaning: pardon the interruption.
Slang: ptl. Meaning: praise the lord.
Slang: ptm. Meaning: please tell me.
Slang: pto. Meaning: paid time off.
Slang: ptp. Meaning: pay to play peer to peer.
Slang: ptsd. Meaning: post traumatic stress disorder.
Slang: ptt. Meaning: push to talk.
Slang: ptw. Meaning: play to win professional time waster.
Slang: ptz. Meaning: pan tilt zoom.
Slang: pua. Meaning: pick up artist.
Slang: pug. Meaning: pick up group.
Slang: puv. Meaning: public utility vehicle.
Slang: pv. Meaning: promotional video.
Slang: pvc. Meaning: polyvinyl chloride vinyl.
Slang: pve. Meaning: player versus environment .
Slang: pvm. Meaning: player versus monster.
Slang: pvp. Meaning: player v player.
Slang: pvr. Meaning: personal video recorder.
Slang: pwor. Meaning: proceeding with orders recieved.
Slang: pwos. Meaning: parents watching over shoulder.
Slang: pwt. Meaning: poor white trash.
Slang: px. Meaning: post exchange part exchange.
Slang: pyp. Meaning: play your position.
Slang: pyt. Meaning: pretty young thing.
Slang: qa. Meaning: quality assurance question and answer.
Slang: qantas. Meaning: queensland and northern territory aerial service.
Slang: qap. Meaning: quick as possible quickly as possible.
Slang: qb. Meaning: quarter back.
Slang: qc. Meaning: quality control.
Slang: qed. Meaning: quod erat demonstrandum .
Slang: qfe. Meaning: quoted for emphasis.
Slang: qfmt. Meaning: quoted for more truth.
Slang: qfp. Meaning: quoted for posterity.
Slang: qft. Meaning: quoted for truth.
Slang: qi. Meaning: quite interesting.
Slang: ql. Meaning: quite laughing.
Slang: qno. Meaning: quiet night out.
Slang: qol. Meaning: quality of life.
Slang: qos. Meaning: quantam of solace.
Slang: qotd. Meaning: quote of the day.
Slang: qotsa. Meaning: queens of the stone age .
Slang: qp. Meaning: quarter pound .
Slang: qq4u. Meaning: quick question for you.
Slang: qs. Meaning: quick scope.
Slang: qvc. Meaning: quality value convenience .
Slang: r5. Meaning: region 5 .
Slang: ra. Meaning: resident advisor resident assistant.
Slang: rac. Meaning: rock against communism.
Slang: ram. Meaning: random access memory.
Slang: raok. Meaning: random act of kindness.
Slang: ras. Meaning: remote access server.
Slang: ratm. Meaning: rage against the machine .
Slang: rawl. Meaning: roll around while laughing.
Slang: rawr. Meaning: right answer wrong reason.
Slang: rbay. Meaning: right back at you.
Slang: rbg. Meaning: revolutionary but gangsta.
Slang: rbv. Meaning: red bull and vodka.
Slang: rc. Meaning: random chat radio controlled.
Slang: rct. Meaning: roller coster tycoon.
Slang: rd. Meaning: real deal.
Slang: rdc. Meaning: really do not care.
Slang: rdh. Meaning: rate date hate.
Slang: rdj. Meaning: robert downey jr.
Slang: rdm. Meaning: random death match.
Slang: rdo. Meaning: regular day off.
Slang: rdr. Meaning: red dead redemption .
Slang: rfc. Meaning: request for comment.
Slang: rfi. Meaning: request for information.
Slang: rfid. Meaning: radio frequency identification.
Slang: rfp. Meaning: request for proposal.
Slang: rfq. Meaning: request for quotation.
Slang: rft. Meaning: right first time.
Slang: rfts. Meaning: reach for the stars.
Slang: rfyl. Meaning: run for your life.
Slang: rgb. Meaning: red green blue.
Slang: rhcp. Meaning: red hot chili peppers .
Slang: rhd. Meaning: right hand drive.
Slang: rhi. Meaning: rumour has it.
Slang: rhip. Meaning: rank has its privileges.
Slang: rhs. Meaning: right hand side.
Slang: rino. Meaning: republican in name only.
Slang: riyl. Meaning: recommended if you like.
Slang: rlab. Meaning: roll like a buffalo.
Slang: rlf. Meaning: real life friend.
Slang: rltw. Meaning: rangers lead the way.
Slang: rma. Meaning: return merchandise authorization.
Slang: rme. Meaning: rolling my eyes.
Slang: rml. Meaning: read my lips.
Slang: rmt. Meaning: real money trading.
Slang: rmv. Meaning: results may vary.
Slang: rn. Meaning: right now registered nurse.
Slang: rna. Meaning: ribonucleic acid.
Slang: rnb. Meaning: rhythm and blues.
Slang: rng. Meaning: random number generator.
Slang: rnr. Meaning: rock n roll.
Slang: ro. Meaning: ragnarok online .
Slang: roar. Meaning: right of admission reserved.
Slang: rofc. Meaning: rolling on floor crying.
Slang: roflmfao. Meaning: rolling on floor laughing my fucking ass off.
Slang: roflol. Meaning: rolling on floor laughing out loud.
Slang: rog. Meaning: really old git.
Slang: roh. Meaning: ring of honor .
Slang: roi. Meaning: return on investment.
Slang: rolf. Meaning: rolling on laughing floor.
Slang: ror. Meaning: raughing out roud.
Slang: ros. Meaning: right on schedule.
Slang: rotc. Meaning: reserve officer training corps.
Slang: rotf. Meaning: rolling on the floor .
Slang: rotffnar. Meaning: rolling on the floor for no apparent reason.
Slang: rotfl. Meaning: rolling on the floor laughing.
Slang: rotflol. Meaning: rolling on the floor laughing out loud.
Slang: rotgl. Meaning: rolling on the ground laughing.
Slang: rotk. Meaning: return of the king .
Slang: rotm. Meaning: run of the mill.
Slang: rov. Meaning: remotely operated vehicle.
Slang: row. Meaning: rest of the world.
Slang: roy. Meaning: relative of yours.
Slang: rpc. Meaning: role playing chat.
Slang: rpf. Meaning: real person fiction.
Slang: rpg. Meaning: rocket propelled grenade role playing game.
Slang: rpm. Meaning: revolutions per minute.
Slang: rps. Meaning: rock paper scissors .
Slang: rq. Meaning: random questions .
Slang: rsi. Meaning: repetitive strain injury.
Slang: rsn. Meaning: real soon now.
Slang: rspb. Meaning: royal society for the protection of birds.
Slang: rspca. Meaning: royal society for the prevention of cruelty to animals.
Slang: rss. Meaning: rich site summary really simple syndication.
Slang: rsvp. Meaning: repondez sil vous plait .
Slang: rt. Meaning: retweet real time.
Slang: rta. Meaning: road traffic accident.
Slang: rtb. Meaning: return to base.
Slang: rtd. Meaning: ready to drink.
Slang: rtf. Meaning: return the favour.
Slang: rtfaq. Meaning: read the faq.
Slang: rtfd. Meaning: read the fucking description.
Slang: rtfi. Meaning: read the flipping instructions.
Slang: rtfm. Meaning: read the flipping manual.
Slang: rtft. Meaning: read the fucking thread read the fucking topic.
Slang: rtg. Meaning: ready to go.
Slang: rto. Meaning: radio telephone operator.
Slang: rtr. Meaning: roll tide roll.
Slang: rts. Meaning: real time strategy.
Slang: rtv. Meaning: rock the vote.
Slang: rtw. Meaning: ready to wear round the world.
Slang: rv. Meaning: recreational vehicle.
Slang: rvb. Meaning: red versus blue .
Slang: rvr. Meaning: realm versus realm .
Slang: rw. Meaning: read write.
Slang: rwd. Meaning: rear wheel drive.
Slang: rwl. Meaning: roaring with laughter.
Slang: rwnj. Meaning: right wing nut job.
Slang: rwp. Meaning: random wall post.
Slang: rwys. Meaning: reap what you sow.
Slang: ryc. Meaning: regarding your comment.
Slang: ryn. Meaning: read your note regarding your note.
Slang: ryo. Meaning: roll your own.
Slang: sa. Meaning: sibling alert.
Slang: sab. Meaning: smoking a blunt.
Slang: sae. Meaning: stamped or self addressed envelope.
Slang: saf. Meaning: single asian female.
Slang: safm. Meaning: stay away from me.
Slang: sahd. Meaning: stay at home dad.
Slang: sahm. Meaning: stay at home mom.
Slang: sahw. Meaning: stay at home wife.
Slang: salts. Meaning: smiled a little then stopped.
Slang: sam. Meaning: stop annoying me.
Slang: sap. Meaning: sad and pathetic fool.
Slang: sase. Meaning: self addressed stamped envelope.
Slang: sat. Meaning: scholastic assessment test.
Slang: sata. Meaning: serial advanced technology attachment.
Slang: satc. Meaning: sex and the city .
Slang: sats. Meaning: standard attainment tests.
Slang: sbd. Meaning: silent but deadly.
Slang: sbf. Meaning: single black female.
Slang: sbi. Meaning: surrounded by incompetence.
Slang: sbj. Meaning: sweet baby jesus.
Slang: sbm. Meaning: single black male.
Slang: sbs. Meaning: step by step.
Slang: sbsp. Meaning: spongebob squarepants.
Slang: sbt. Meaning: sorry bout that.
Slang: scnr. Meaning: sorry could not resist.
Slang: scotus. Meaning: supreme court of the united states.
Slang: scsi. Meaning: small computer system interface.
Slang: scuba. Meaning: self contained underwater breathing apparatus.
Slang: sd. Meaning: sweet dreams secure digital  so drunk.
Slang: sda. Meaning: seventh day adventist.
Slang: sdk. Meaning: software development kit.
Slang: sdmf. Meaning: strength determination merciless forever society dwelling mother fucker.
Slang: sdram. Meaning: synchronous dynamic random access memory.
Slang: seo. Meaning: search engine optimization.
Slang: sep. Meaning: somebody elses problem.
Slang: serp. Meaning: search engine results page.
Slang: sf. Meaning: science fiction san francisco.
Slang: sfam. Meaning: sister from another mister.
Slang: sflr. Meaning: sorry for late reply.
Slang: sfo. Meaning: san francisco international airport.
Slang: sfp. Meaning: sorry for partying.
Slang: sfr. Meaning: smiling for real.
Slang: sfsg. Meaning: so far so good.
Slang: sftbc. Meaning: sorry for the broadcast.
Slang: sfw. Meaning: safe for work.
Slang: sgtm. Meaning: sounds good to me.
Slang: shu. Meaning: secure housing unit.
Slang: siwoti. Meaning: someone is wrong on the internet.
Slang: slol. Meaning: seriously laughing out loud.
Slang: slr. Meaning: single lens reflex .
Slang: smao. Meaning: study my ass off.
Slang: smdh. Meaning: shaking my damn head.
Slang: smdhe. Meaning: some mothers do have them.
Slang: sme. Meaning: small or medium enterprises.
Slang: smgdh. Meaning: shaking my god damn head.
Slang: smhid. Meaning: shaking my head in despair.
Slang: smhl. Meaning: shaking my head laughing.
Slang: smib. Meaning: southern maryland inbred.
Slang: smidsy. Meaning: sorry mate i did not see you.
Slang: sml. Meaning: screw my life story of my life.
Slang: smn. Meaning: shoot me now.
Slang: smog. Meaning: sweet mother of god.
Slang: smop. Meaning: simple matter of programming.
Slang: sms. Meaning: short message service.
Slang: smt. Meaning: sucking my teeth.
Slang: smtp. Meaning: simple mail transfer protocol.
Slang: snafu. Meaning: situation normal all fouled up.
Slang: snag. Meaning: sensitive new age guy sausage.
Slang: snc. Meaning: social network check.
Slang: snd. Meaning: search and destroy.
Slang: snes. Meaning: super nintendo entertainment system.
Slang: snf. Meaning: so not funny.
Slang: snm. Meaning: say no more.
Slang: snr. Meaning: signal to noise ratio.
Slang: snyk. Meaning: so now you know.
Slang: so. Meaning: significant other shout out.
Slang: soa. Meaning: state of alert .
Slang: soad. Meaning: system of a down .
Slang: soag. Meaning: son of a gun.
Slang: sog. Meaning: sea of green .
Slang: soh. Meaning: sense of humor.
Slang: sohf. Meaning: sense of humor failure.
Slang: soi. Meaning: statement of intent.
Slang: soidh. Meaning: screenshot or it did not happen.
Slang: somd. Meaning: shit on my dick.
Slang: soml. Meaning: story of my life.
Slang: somsw. Meaning: someone over my shoulder watching.
Slang: sooc. Meaning: straight out of camera .
Slang: sood. Meaning: cool.
Slang: sootb. Meaning: straight out of the box.
Slang: sop. Meaning: standard operating procedure.
Slang: sopa. Meaning: stop online piracy act.
Slang: sorn. Meaning: statutory off road notification.
Slang: sos. Meaning: save our souls .
Slang: sota. Meaning: state of the art.
Slang: srh. Meaning: supporting radical habits .
Slang: srm. Meaning: stark raving mad.
Slang: sro. Meaning: standing room only.
Slang: srt. Meaning: street and racing technology.
Slang: ss. Meaning: screen shot.
Slang: ssa. Meaning: subject says all.
Slang: ssbb. Meaning: super smash brothers brawl .
Slang: ssbhm. Meaning: super sized.
Slang: ssc. Meaning: safe sane consensual.
Slang: ssd. Meaning: solid state drive.
Slang: ssh. Meaning: secure she will .
Slang: ssid. Meaning: service set identifier.
Slang: ssl. Meaning: secure socket layer see subject line.
Slang: ssts. Meaning: snickering softly to self.
Slang: sswa. Meaning: so say we all.
Slang: stw. Meaning: search the web.
Slang: sty. Meaning: same to you.
Slang: styl. Meaning: speak to you later.
Slang: su. Meaning: shut up.
Slang: suad. Meaning: shut up and drive.
Slang: sul. Meaning: see you later.
Slang: sula. Meaning: sweaty upper lip alert.
Slang: tb. Meaning: text back.
Slang: tbbh. Meaning: to be brutally honest.
Slang: tbbt. Meaning: the big bang theory .
Slang: tbch. Meaning: to be completely honest.
Slang: tbd. Meaning: to be decided.
Slang: tbe. Meaning: to be edited.
Slang: tbf. Meaning: to be fair.
Slang: tbfu. Meaning: too bad for you.
Slang: tbm. Meaning: tactical boyfriend mention.
Slang: tbms. Meaning: to be more specific.
Slang: tbnt. Meaning: thanks but no thanks.
Slang: tbph. Meaning: to be perfectly honest.
Slang: tbqf. Meaning: to be quite frank.
Slang: tbqfh. Meaning: to be quite fucking honest.
Slang: tbqh. Meaning: to be quite honest.
Slang: tbr. Meaning: to be real.
Slang: tbs. Meaning: tablespoon to be specified.
Slang: tbss. Meaning: too bad so sad.
Slang: tbt. Meaning: truth be told.
Slang: tbtf. Meaning: too big to fail.
Slang: tbtg. Meaning: thanks be to god.
Slang: tbth. Meaning: to be totally honest.
Slang: tbtp. Meaning: that is beside the point.
Slang: tbu. Meaning: to be updated.
Slang: tbys. Meaning: think before you speak.
Slang: tc. Meaning: take care.
Slang: tcby. Meaning: the countrys best yogurt.
Slang: tccic. Meaning: take care because i care.
Slang: tcfc. Meaning: too close for comfort.
Slang: tcfn. Meaning: take care for now.
Slang: tcfs. Meaning: too cool for school.
Slang: tcg. Meaning: trading card game.
Slang: tcgb. Meaning: take care god bless.
Slang: tck. Meaning: third culture kid.
Slang: tcl. Meaning: tool command language.
Slang: tcob. Meaning: taking care of buisness.
Slang: tcoy. Meaning: take care of yourself.
Slang: tcp. Meaning: transmission control protocol.
Slang: tcp or ip. Meaning: transmission control protocol or internet protocol.
Slang: tctc. Meaning: to close to call.
Slang: td. Meaning: touchdown.
Slang: tddup. Meaning: til death do us part.
Slang: tddwp. Meaning: til death do we part.
Slang: tdf. Meaning: to die for.
Slang: tdg. Meaning: too damn good three days grace .
Slang: tdh. Meaning: tall dark and handsome.
Slang: tdi. Meaning: turbo direct injection turbo diesel injection.
Slang: tdl. Meaning: to do list.
Slang: tdm. Meaning: team deathmatch.
Slang: tds. Meaning: technical dificulties.
Slang: tdtf. Meaning: too drunk to function.
Slang: tdwp. Meaning: the devil wears prada .
Slang: tdy. Meaning: temporarily deployed for a year.
Slang: teotwawki. Meaning: the end of the world as we know it.
Slang: tfa. Meaning: thanks for asking.
Slang: tfc. Meaning: team fortress classic .
Slang: tfcd. Meaning: time for compact disc.
Slang: tffw. Meaning: too funny for words.
Slang: tfi. Meaning: thanks for the information.
Slang: tfios. Meaning: the fault in our stars.
Slang: tfl. Meaning: tip for life transport for london.
Slang: tflmk. Meaning: thanks for letting me know.
Slang: tflms. Meaning: thanks for letting me share.
Slang: tfln. Meaning: texts from last night.
Slang: tfm. Meaning: total frat move.
Slang: tfmtk. Meaning: that is for me to know.
Slang: tfp. Meaning: thanks for playing.
Slang: tfrm. Meaning: thanks for reminding me.
Slang: tft. Meaning: the frozen throne  thin film transistor.
Slang: tfta. Meaning: thanks for the add.
Slang: tftc. Meaning: thanks for the cache.
Slang: tftd. Meaning: thought for the day.
Slang: tftl. Meaning: thanks for the link.
Slang: tg. Meaning: thank god transgender too good.
Slang: tgal. Meaning: think globally act locally.
Slang: tge. Meaning: misspelling of the.
Slang: tgfg. Meaning: thank god for google.
Slang: tgfi. Meaning: thank god for the internet.
Slang: tgfl. Meaning: thank god for life.
Slang: tgft. Meaning: thank god for that.
Slang: tgi. Meaning: thank god it is .
Slang: tgia. Meaning: thank god i am alive.
Slang: tgiaf. Meaning: thank god it is almost friday.
Slang: tgim. Meaning: thank god it is monday.
Slang: tgio. Meaning: thank god it is over.
Slang: tgit. Meaning: thank god it is thursday.
Slang: tgod. Meaning: taylor gang or die.
Slang: tgp. Meaning: thumbnail gallery post.
Slang: tgtbt. Meaning: too good to be true.
Slang: thabto. Meaning: two heads are better than one.
Slang: thwu. Meaning: to hell with you.
Slang: tiic. Meaning: the idiots in charge.
Slang: tinag. Meaning: this is not a game.
Slang: tinalo. Meaning: this is not a legal opinion.
Slang: tinar. Meaning: this is not a recommendation.
Slang: tinstafl. Meaning: there is no such thing as free lunch.
Slang: tla. Meaning: three letter acronym.
Slang: tld. Meaning: top level domain.
Slang: tldnr. Meaning: too long did not read.
Slang: tldr. Meaning: too long did not read.
Slang: tldw. Meaning: too long did not watch.
Slang: tlgo. Meaning: the list goes on.
Slang: tli. Meaning: too little information.
Slang: tlnd. Meaning: true love never dies.
Slang: tlol. Meaning: truly laughing out loud.
Slang: tltr. Meaning: too long to read.
Slang: tlyk. Meaning: to let you know.
Slang: tm. Meaning: text message text me trademark.
Slang: tma. Meaning: take my advice.
Slang: tmai. Meaning: tell me about it.
Slang: tmb. Meaning: text me back.
Slang: tmbg. Meaning: they might be giants .
Slang: tmbi. Meaning: tell me bout it.
Slang: tme. Meaning: too much effort.
Slang: tmf. Meaning: too much forehead.
Slang: tmh. Meaning: touch my hand.
Slang: tmk. Meaning: to my knowledge.
Slang: tml. Meaning: thank me later text me later.
Slang: tmlt. Meaning: to my last tweet.
Slang: tmm. Meaning: tell me more.
Slang: tmms. Meaning: that made me smile.
Slang: tmn. Meaning: touch me not.
Slang: tmnt. Meaning: teenage mutant ninja turtles.
Slang: tmp. Meaning: tactical machine pistol.
Slang: tmr. Meaning: tomorrow.
Slang: tms. Meaning: too much swag.
Slang: tmsidk. Meaning: tell me something i do not know.
Slang: tmt. Meaning: too much tuna.
Slang: tmtc. Meaning: too many to count.
Slang: tmth. Meaning: too much to handle.
Slang: tmtowtdi. Meaning: there is more than one way to do it.
Slang: tmts. Meaning: too much too soon.
Slang: tmtt. Meaning: too much to text.
Slang: tmy. Meaning: tell me why.
Slang: tmz. Meaning: thirty mile zone .
Slang: tna. Meaning: total nonstop action.
Slang: tnb. Meaning: there is nothing better.
Slang: tnbm. Meaning: true norwegian black metal.
Slang: tnf. Meaning: that is not funny.
Slang: tng. Meaning: the next generation .
Slang: tnl. Meaning: to next level.
Slang: tnln. Meaning: took nothing left nothing.
Slang: tno. Meaning: trust no one.
Slang: tnop. Meaning: totally not our problem.
Slang: tnot. Meaning: take note of that.
Slang: tnsl. Meaning: took nothing signed logbook .
Slang: tnstaafl. Meaning: there is no such thing as a free lunch.
Slang: tnt. Meaning: til next time.
Slang: tntm. Meaning: that is news to me.
Slang: to. Meaning: time out.
Slang: toc. Meaning: table of contents.
Slang: tod. Meaning: time of death time of day.
Slang: toefl. Meaning: test of english as a foreign language.
Slang: toeic. Meaning: test of english for international communication.
Slang: toft. Meaning: take one for the team.
Slang: toftt. Meaning: take one for the team.
Slang: toh. Meaning: the other half.
Slang: tol. Meaning: thinking out loud thinking of laughing.
Slang: tom. Meaning: time of month.
Slang: totb. Meaning: think outside the box.
Slang: totd. Meaning: tip of the day tweet of the day.
Slang: totga. Meaning: the one that got away.
Slang: totm. Meaning: time of the month.
Slang: totus. Meaning: teleprompter of the united states.
Slang: toy. Meaning: thinking of you.
Slang: tp. Meaning: toilet paper town portal .
Slang: tpam. Meaning: the person above me.
Slang: tpb. Meaning: the pirate bay.
Slang: tpe. Meaning: total power exchange.
Slang: tpk. Meaning: total party kill.
Slang: tpo. Meaning: time place occasion.
Slang: tps. Meaning: totally pointless stuff.
Slang: tpt. Meaning: trailer park trash.
Slang: tptb. Meaning: the powers that be.
Slang: tr. Meaning: triple rainbow.
Slang: traw. Meaning: thick rich and white.
Slang: trdmc. Meaning: tears running down my cheeks.
Slang: trdmf. Meaning: tears running down my face.
Slang: trg. Meaning: tiny rascal gang.
Slang: ttfw. Meaning: too tacky for words.
Slang: ttg. Meaning: time to go.
Slang: ttgg. Meaning: time to go girl.
Slang: tth. Meaning: trying too hard.
Slang: ttiuwp. Meaning: this thread is useless without pictures.
Slang: ttiwwp. Meaning: this thread is worthless without pictures.
Slang: ttjasi. Meaning: take this job and shove it.
Slang: ttl. Meaning: thank the lord time to live .
Slang: ttm. Meaning: talk to me.
Slang: ttmab. Meaning: to the moon and back.
Slang: ttml. Meaning: talk to me later.
Slang: tto. Meaning: time to own.
Slang: ttotm. Meaning: that time of the month.
Slang: ttp. Meaning: to the point.
Slang: ttr. Meaning: time to relax.
Slang: ttt. Meaning: third tier toilet .
Slang: ttte. Meaning: thomas the tank engine.
Slang: ttth. Meaning: talk to the hand.
Slang: tttt. Meaning: these things take time.
Slang: tttty. Meaning: time to talk to you.
Slang: ttul. Meaning: talk to you later.
Slang: ttus. Meaning: talk to you soon.
Slang: ttut. Meaning: talk to you tomorrow.
Slang: ttutt. Meaning: to tell you the truth.
Slang: tty. Meaning: talk to you.
Slang: ttyf. Meaning: talk to you forever.
Slang: ttyiab. Meaning: talk to you in a bit.
Slang: ttyitm. Meaning: talk to you in the morning.
Slang: ttym. Meaning: talk to you ma.
Slang: ttyn. Meaning: talk to you never.
Slang: ttyrs. Meaning: talk to you real soon.
Slang: ttyt. Meaning: talk to you tomorrow.
Slang: ttytt. Meaning: to tell you the truth.
Slang: ttyvs. Meaning: talk to you very soon.
Slang: tul. Meaning: tell you later text you later.
Slang: tvm. Meaning: thanks very much.
Slang: tw. Meaning: trigger warning.
Slang: twain. Meaning: technology without an interesting name.
Slang: twloha. Meaning: to write love on her arms.
Slang: twoc. Meaning: taken without owners consent.
Slang: twtmc. Meaning: to whom this may concern.
Slang: twu. Meaning: that is what is up.
Slang: twyl. Meaning: talk with you later.
Slang: twyms. Meaning: that is what your mom said.
Slang: ty. Meaning: thank you.
Slang: tyb. Meaning: try your best.
Slang: tybg. Meaning: thank you based god.
Slang: tyfays. Meaning: thank you for all your support.
Slang: tyfe. Meaning: thank you for everything.
Slang: tyfyt. Meaning: thank you for your time.
Slang: tyg. Meaning: there you go.
Slang: tyj. Meaning: thank you jesus.
Slang: tyl. Meaning: text you later.
Slang: tylj. Meaning: thank you lord jesus.
Slang: tym. Meaning: thank you much.
Slang: tymbi. Meaning: thought you might be interested.
Slang: tys. Meaning: thank you sir.
Slang: tysm. Meaning: thank you so much.
Slang: tysvm. Meaning: thank you so very much.
Slang: tyt. Meaning: take your time.
Slang: uri. Meaning: uniform resource indicator url.
Slang: url. Meaning: uniform resource locator internet address.
Slang: us. Meaning: united states.
Slang: usa. Meaning: united states of america.
Slang: usaf. Meaning: united states air force.
Slang: usb. Meaning: universal serial bus.
Slang: usbm. Meaning: united states black metal.
Slang: usc. Meaning: university of southern california.
Slang: uscg. Meaning: united states coast guard.
Slang: usd. Meaning: united states dollar.
Slang: usmc. Meaning: united states marine corps.
Slang: usp. Meaning: unique selling point.
Slang: usps. Meaning: united states postal service.
Slang: uss. Meaning: united states ship.
Slang: ussr. Meaning: union of soviet socialist republics.
Slang: usw. Meaning: und so weiter .
Slang: ut. Meaning: unreal tournament.
Slang: utc. Meaning: coordinated universal time under the counter.
Slang: utd. Meaning: up to date.
Slang: ute. Meaning: utility vehicle pickup truck.
Slang: utf. Meaning: unicode transformation format.
Slang: utfl. Meaning: use the force luke.
Slang: uth. Meaning: up the hoods.
Slang: uti. Meaning: urinary tract infection.
Slang: uto. Meaning: unable to obtain.
Slang: utp. Meaning: up town projects.
Slang: utr. Meaning: under the radar.
Slang: uts. Meaning: under the skin.
Slang: utt. Meaning: under the table.
Slang: uv. Meaning: unpleasant visual.
Slang: uw. Meaning: you are welcome.
Slang: uws. Meaning: upper west side .
Slang: ue. Meaning: user experience.
Slang: uy. Meaning: up yours.
Slang: va. Meaning: various artists.
Slang: vbd. Meaning: very big deal.
Slang: vbl. Meaning: visible bra line.
Slang: vbr. Meaning: variable bit rate.
Slang: vbs. Meaning: very big smile.
Slang: vc. Meaning: voice chat.
Slang: vcard. Meaning: virtual  business card.
Slang: vcd. Meaning: video compact disc.
Slang: vcr. Meaning: video cassette recorder.
Slang: vdu. Meaning: visual display unit.
Slang: vfm. Meaning: value for money.
Slang: vg. Meaning: video game very good.
Slang: vga. Meaning: video graphics array or adaptor.
Slang: vgc. Meaning: very good condition.
Slang: vgg. Meaning: very good game.
Slang: vgl. Meaning: very good looking.
Slang: vgm. Meaning: video game music.
Slang: vh1. Meaning: video hits one .
Slang: vhf. Meaning: very high frequency.
Slang: vhs. Meaning: video home system.
Slang: vibe. Meaning: atmosphere ambience.
Slang: vid. Meaning: video.
Slang: vig. Meaning: interest paid on a loan.
Slang: vin. Meaning: vehicle identification number.
Slang: vip. Meaning: very important person.
Slang: viz. Meaning: adult comic namely .
Slang: vj. Meaning: video jockey .
Slang: vlan. Meaning: virtual local area network.
Slang: vlsi. Meaning: very large scale integration.
Slang: vm. Meaning: voice mail.
Slang: vma. Meaning: video music awards.
Slang: vmi. Meaning: virginia military institute.
Slang: vn. Meaning: very nice.
Slang: vnc. Meaning: virtual network computing.
Slang: vnds. Meaning: very near dead stock.
Slang: vnh. Meaning: very nice hand .
Slang: vns. Meaning: very nice shot.
Slang: voa. Meaning: voice of america.
Slang: vod. Meaning: video on demand.
Slang: voip. Meaning: voice over   internet telephony.
Slang: vp. Meaning: vice president.
Slang: vpl. Meaning: visible panty line.
Slang: vpn. Meaning: virtual private network.
Slang: vr. Meaning: virtual reality.
Slang: vs. Meaning: versus against.
Slang: vt. Meaning: video tape.
Slang: vtl. Meaning: visible thong line.
Slang: vtpr. Meaning: view to permanent relationship.
Slang: vtr. Meaning: video tape recorder.
Slang: vv. Meaning: very very.
Slang: vvn. Meaning: very very nice.
Slang: vwp. Meaning: very well played very well put.
Slang: wafwot. Meaning: what a fucking waste of time.
Slang: waj. Meaning: what a joke.
Slang: wak. Meaning: weird awful.
Slang: wal. Meaning: what a loser.
Slang: wamh. Meaning: with all my heart.
Slang: wamhas. Meaning: with all my heart and soul.
Slang: waml. Meaning: with all my love.
Slang: wap. Meaning: wireless access point.
Slang: wapce. Meaning: women are pure concentrated evil.
Slang: warez. Meaning: cracked or pirate software.
Slang: was. Meaning: wait and see.
Slang: way. Meaning: where are you.
Slang: wayd. Meaning: what are you doing.
Slang: waydrn. Meaning: what are you doing right now.
Slang: waylt. Meaning: what are you listening to.
Slang: wayoa. Meaning: what are you on about.
Slang: wayta. Meaning: what are you talking about.
Slang: waywo. Meaning: what are you working on.
Slang: wbb. Meaning: will be back.
Slang: wbm. Meaning: want to be moderator.
Slang: wbn. Meaning: would be nice.
Slang: wbr. Meaning: with best regards.
Slang: wbs. Meaning: write back soon.
Slang: wbt. Meaning: will be there.
Slang: wbu. Meaning: what about you.
Slang: wbw. Meaning: white boy wasted.
Slang: wby. Meaning: what bout you.
Slang: wcb. Meaning: will call back.
Slang: wcg. Meaning: world cyber games.
Slang: wcis. Meaning: what can i say.
Slang: wcs. Meaning: worst case scenario.
Slang: wcw. Meaning: world championship wrestling.
Slang: wcyd. Meaning: what can you do.
Slang: wd. Meaning: well done.
Slang: wde. Meaning: worst day ever.
Slang: wdfd. Meaning: whoop dee fucking doo.
Slang: wdh. Meaning: what da hell.
Slang: wdib. Meaning: why do i bother.
Slang: wdic. Meaning: what do i care.
Slang: wdim. Meaning: what does it mean.
Slang: wditot. Meaning: why did not i think of that.
Slang: wdmb. Meaning: will do my best.
Slang: wdoml. Meaning: worst day of my life.
Slang: wdtm. Meaning: what does that mean.
Slang: wdud. Meaning: what do you do.
Slang: wdum. Meaning: what do you mean.
Slang: wdut. Meaning: what do you think.
Slang: wdw. Meaning: who dares wins.
Slang: wdy. Meaning: why do not you.
Slang: wdyd. Meaning: what did you do.
Slang: wdydt. Meaning: why did you do that what did you do today.
Slang: wdye. Meaning: what did you expect.
Slang: wdyg. Meaning: where did you go.
Slang: wdym. Meaning: what do you mean.
Slang: wdymbt. Meaning: what do you mean by that.
Slang: wdys. Meaning: what did you say.
Slang: wdyt. Meaning: what do you think.
Slang: wdyw. Meaning: what do you want.
Slang: wdywfm. Meaning: what do you want from me.
Slang: wdywt. Meaning: what did you wear today.
Slang: wdywtta. Meaning: what do you want to talk about.
Slang: wef. Meaning: with effect from.
Slang: wep. Meaning: wireless encryption protocol.
Slang: wfyb. Meaning: whatever floats your boat.
Slang: whyb. Meaning: where have you been.
Slang: whyd. Meaning: what have you done.
Slang: wia. Meaning: wounded in action.
Slang: wip. Meaning: work in progress.
Slang: wir. Meaning: when it is ready.
Slang: with. Meaning: where in the hell.
Slang: witw. Meaning: what in the world.
Slang: wiuwy. Meaning: what is up with you.
Slang: wiwt. Meaning: what i wore today wish i was there.
Slang: wiwwu. Meaning: wish i was with you.
Slang: wiwwy. Meaning: what is wrong with you.
Slang: wiyp. Meaning: what is your problem.
Slang: wjd. Meaning: what jesus did.
Slang: wk. Meaning: white knight.
Slang: wks. Meaning: well kept secret.
Slang: wkyp. Meaning: will keep you posted.
Slang: wlm. Meaning: windows live messenger.
Slang: wltm. Meaning: would like to meet.
Slang: wlyb. Meaning: who loves you baby.
Slang: wlyk. Meaning: will let you know.
Slang: wm. Meaning: woman marine.
Slang: wma. Meaning: windows media audio.
Slang: wmd. Meaning: weapons of mass destruction.
Slang: wmf. Meaning: wagging my finger.
Slang: wmg. Meaning: warner music group.
Slang: wml. Meaning: wish me luck.
Slang: wmmows. Meaning: wash my mouth out with soap.
Slang: wmp. Meaning: windows media player with much pleasure.
Slang: wmv. Meaning: windows media video.
Slang: wmyb. Meaning: what makes you beautiful.
Slang: wn. Meaning: why not what is new.
Slang: wnditwb. Meaning: we never did it this way before.
Slang: wnl. Meaning: within normal limits.
Slang: wnohgb. Meaning: where no one has gone before.
Slang: wntt. Meaning: we need to talk.
Slang: wnwy. Meaning: what is new with you.
Slang: woat. Meaning: worst of all time.
Slang: wob. Meaning: waste of bandwith.
Slang: woc. Meaning: women of color.
Slang: woe. Meaning: what on earth.
Slang: wof. Meaning: while on fire.
Slang: wog. Meaning: offensive term for a black person a foreigner.
Slang: wom. Meaning: women over mates.
Slang: wombat. Meaning: waste of money brains and time.
Slang: wos. Meaning: waste of space wife over shoulder.
Slang: wotam. Meaning: waste of time and money.
Slang: wotcher. Meaning: what are you up to.
Slang: wotd. Meaning: word of the day.
Slang: wotlk. Meaning: wrath of the lich king .
Slang: wots. Meaning: word on the street.
Slang: wp. Meaning: wrong person well played.
Slang: wpa. Meaning: wi fi protected access.
Slang: wpm. Meaning: words per minute.
Slang: wpww. Meaning: white pride world wide.
Slang: wr. Meaning: warm regards.
Slang: wrt. Meaning: with regard to.
Slang: wru. Meaning: where are you.
Slang: wrud. Meaning: what are you doing.
Slang: wruta. Meaning: what are you talking about.
Slang: wryd. Meaning: what are you doing.
Slang: wryta. Meaning: what are you talking about.
Slang: wsic. Meaning: why should i care.
Slang: wsm. Meaning: woman seeking man.
Slang: wsp. Meaning: what is up.
Slang: wss. Meaning: why so serious.
Slang: wst. Meaning: we are still friends.
Slang: wsul. Meaning: will see you later.
Slang: wswta. Meaning: what shall we talk about.
Slang: wt. Meaning: what the  or who the .
Slang: wta. Meaning: winner takes all.
Slang: wtb. Meaning: want to buy.
Slang: wtbs. Meaning: with that being said.
Slang: wtc. Meaning: world trade center what the crap.
Slang: wtd. Meaning: what the deuce.
Slang: wtdt. Meaning: what to do today.
Slang: wtdta. Meaning: where they do that at.
Slang: wtft. Meaning: what the french toast .
Slang: wtg. Meaning: way to go.
Slang: wtgp. Meaning: want to go private.
Slang: wthay. Meaning: who the hell are you.
Slang: wthc. Meaning: who the hell cares.
Slang: wthigo. Meaning: what the hell is going on.
Slang: wthit. Meaning: what the hell is that.
Slang: wthiwwy. Meaning: what the hell is wrong with you.
Slang: wthn. Meaning: why the heck not.
Slang: wthru. Meaning: who the hell are you.
Slang: wtii. Meaning: what time is it.
Slang: wtk. Meaning: want to know.
Slang: wtl. Meaning: will talk later.
Slang: wtlw. Meaning: welcome to last week.
Slang: wtm. Meaning: what is the matter.
Slang: wtmi. Meaning: way too much information.
Slang: wtml. Meaning: welcome to my life.
Slang: wtmw. Meaning: welcome to my world.
Slang: wto. Meaning: world trade organization.
Slang: wtp. Meaning: what is the point.
Slang: wtt. Meaning: want to trade.
Slang: wttc. Meaning: welcome to the club.
Slang: wttir. Meaning: when the time is right.
Slang: wttj. Meaning: welcome to the jungle.
Slang: wttm. Meaning: without thinking too much.
Slang: wtw. Meaning: walk through walls  walk this way.
Slang: wty. Meaning: why thank you.
Slang: wtyo. Meaning: whatever turns you on.
Slang: wuciwug. Meaning: what you see is what you get.
Slang: wud. Meaning: what you doing.
Slang: wug. Meaning: what you got where you going.
Slang: wugowm. Meaning: will you go out with me.
Slang: wul. Meaning: watched user list.
Slang: wula. Meaning: what are you looking at.
Slang: wullnp. Meaning: wishing you long life and prosperity.
Slang: wum. Meaning: woman wind up merchant.
Slang: wuw. Meaning: what you want.
Slang: wuwcb. Meaning: what do you want to chat about.
Slang: wuwh. Meaning: wish you were here.
Slang: wuwt. Meaning: what is up with that.
Slang: wuwta. Meaning: what you want to talk about.
Slang: wuwtb. Meaning: what you want to talk bout.
Slang: wuwu. Meaning: what is up with you.
Slang: ww. Meaning: white widow  white woman.
Slang: wwa. Meaning: wiggers with attitude.
Slang: wwbd. Meaning: what would batman do.
Slang: wwcnd. Meaning: what would chuck norris do.
Slang: wwe. Meaning: world wrestling entertainment.
Slang: wwf. Meaning: world wildlife fund world wrestling federation .
Slang: wwic. Meaning: why would i care.
Slang: wwit. Meaning: what was i thinking.
Slang: wwjbd. Meaning: what would jason bourne do.
Slang: wwjd. Meaning: what would jesus do.
Slang: wwjp. Meaning: what would jesus post.
Slang: wwotw. Meaning: wicked witch of the west.
Slang: wwtbam. Meaning: who wants to be a millionaire.
Slang: wwu. Meaning: where were you.
Slang: www. Meaning: world wide web.
Slang: wwwy. Meaning: what is wrong with you.
Slang: wwy. Meaning: where were you.
Slang: wwyd. Meaning: what would you do.
Slang: wwydt. Meaning: why would you do that.
Slang: wya. Meaning: where you at.
Slang: wyatb. Meaning: wish you all the best.
Slang: wyb. Meaning: watch your back.
Slang: wybd. Meaning: what have you been doing.
Slang: wybmv. Meaning: will you be my valentine.
Slang: wyd. Meaning: what you doing.
Slang: wydn. Meaning: what you doing now.
Slang: wyf. Meaning: what is your favorite .
Slang: wyg. Meaning: what you get.
Slang: wygowm. Meaning: will you go out with me.
Slang: wyk. Meaning: would you kindly.
Slang: wyl. Meaning: whatever you like.
Slang: wylaboctgwtr. Meaning: would you like a bowl of cream to go with that remark.
Slang: wylasomwtc. Meaning: would you like a saucer of milk with that comment.
Slang: wylion. Meaning: whether you like it or not.
Slang: wylscwtw. Meaning: would you like some cheese with that whine.
Slang: wylt. Meaning: what you listening to.
Slang: wym. Meaning: watch your mouth what you mean.
Slang: wymm. Meaning: will you marry me.
Slang: wyn. Meaning: what is your name.
Slang: wyp. Meaning: what is your problem what is your point.
Slang: wyr. Meaning: would you rather.
Slang: wys. Meaning: what you said.
Slang: wysiwyg. Meaning: what you see is what you get.
Slang: wyta. Meaning: what you talking about.
Slang: wyut. Meaning: what you up to.
Slang: wyw. Meaning: whatever you want.
Slang: wywta. Meaning: what you want to talk about.
Slang: yagb. Meaning: you are not grizz baby .
Slang: yala. Meaning: you always live again.
Slang: yana. Meaning: you are not alone.
Slang: yatb. Meaning: you are the best.
Slang: yatk. Meaning: you are too kind.
Slang: yatloml. Meaning: you are the love of my life.
Slang: yavw. Meaning: you are very welcome.
Slang: yaw. Meaning: you are welcome.
Slang: ybs. Meaning: you will be sorry.
Slang: ybtj. Meaning: you be the judge.
Slang: ybw. Meaning: you have been warned.
Slang: ybwm. Meaning: you belong with me.
Slang: ycmiu. Meaning: you could not make it up.
Slang: ydek. Meaning: you do not even know.
Slang: ydi. Meaning: you deserve it.
Slang: ydk. Meaning: you do not know.
Slang: ydl. Meaning: yellow dog linux.
Slang: ydms. Meaning: you do not make sense.
Slang: ydmt. Meaning: you do not mean that.
Slang: yds. Meaning: you do not say.
Slang: ydu. Meaning: you do not understand.
Slang: yf. Meaning: your friend.
Slang: yfw. Meaning: your face when .
Slang: yg. Meaning: young gangster.
Slang: ygg. Meaning: you go girl.
Slang: ygi. Meaning: you got it.
Slang: yglt. Meaning: you are going to love this.
Slang: ygpm. Meaning: you have got private message.
Slang: ygtbk. Meaning: you have got to be kidding.
Slang: ygtbkm. Meaning: you have got to be kidding me.
Slang: ygti. Meaning: you get the idea.
Slang: ygtr. Meaning: you got that right.
Slang: yha. Meaning: youth hostel association.
Slang: yhbt. Meaning: you have been trolled.
Slang: yhbw. Meaning: you have been warned.
Slang: yhgasp. Meaning: you have got a serious problem.
Slang: yhl. Meaning: you have lost.
Slang: yhm. Meaning: you have mail.
Slang: yhni. Meaning: you have no idea.
Slang: yhtbt. Meaning: you had to be there.
Slang: yid. Meaning: yes i do.
Slang: yik. Meaning: yes i know.
Slang: yitb. Meaning: yours in the bond.
Slang: yite. Meaning: are you all right.
Slang: yjltg. Meaning: you just lost the game.
Slang: yk. Meaning: you are kidding.
Slang: ykhii. Meaning: you know how it is.
Slang: ykims. Meaning: you know it makes sense.
Slang: yktr. Meaning: you know the rest.
Slang: ykw. Meaning: you know who.
Slang: ykwim. Meaning: you know what i mean.
Slang: ykwis. Meaning: you know what i am saying.
Slang: ykylm. Meaning: you know you love me.
Slang: yl. Meaning: young lady.
Slang: yli. Meaning: you love it.
Slang: ylm. Meaning: you love me.
Slang: ylod. Meaning: yellow light of death.
Slang: ylyl. Meaning: you laugh you lose.
Slang: ym. Meaning: yahoo messenger your mom.
Slang: ymbj. Meaning: you must be joking.
Slang: ymca. Meaning: young mens christian association.
Slang: ymcmb. Meaning: young money cash money billionaires.
Slang: ymmd. Meaning: you made my day.
Slang: ymml. Meaning: you make me laugh.
Slang: ymms. Meaning: you make me smile.
Slang: ymw. Meaning: you are most welcome.
Slang: ynk. Meaning: you never know.
Slang: ynw. Meaning: you are not welcome.
Slang: ynwa. Meaning: you will never walk alone.
Slang: yolf. Meaning: you only live forever.
Slang: yomb. Meaning: you owe me big.
Slang: yoyo. Meaning: you are on your own.
Slang: yp. Meaning: your problem yes please.
Slang: yqw. Meaning: you are quite welcome.
Slang: yr. Meaning: yea right.
Slang: yrg. Meaning: you are good.
Slang: yrmv. Meaning: your results may vary.
Slang: yro. Meaning: your rights online.
Slang: yru. Meaning: why are you.
Slang: ysc. Meaning: your so cute.
Slang: ysi. Meaning: you stupid idiot.
Slang: ysk. Meaning: you should know.
Slang: ysmtu. Meaning: you so made that up.
Slang: yss. Meaning: you suck severely.
Slang: ysvw. Meaning: you are so very welcome.
Slang: ysyl. Meaning: you snooze you loose.
Slang: yt. Meaning: you think .
Slang: ytd. Meaning: year to date.
Slang: ytm. Meaning: you are the man.
Slang: ytml. Meaning: you will thank me later.
Slang: ytmnd. Meaning: you are the man now dog .
Slang: yto. Meaning: you are the one.
Slang: ytp. Meaning: youtube poop.
Slang: yttm. Meaning: you talk too much you talking to me.
Slang: yum. Meaning: said when something tastes good or is attractive.
Slang: yvw. Meaning: you are very welcome.
Slang: ywca. Meaning: young womens christian association.
Slang: ywimc. Meaning: your wish is my command.
Slang: ywu. Meaning: yo waz up.
